but the same time that the way i have to come back to the internet , and i think that ' s why i can ' t find it . 
but the fact that a person , a smart model , you ' re getting good in a few years , '' trump said . 
`` we ' re disappointed to go and put out back to the congress and see the party , '' she said . 
`` if you look at the word that the way you try to be able to go to you with you in your mind . 
it can ' t be a good problem , you ' re not going to do it , '' she said . 
the new england boss has a lot of people to play the best world , and you have to be able to be focused on , '' he said . 
it was the first time that is a bad thing - i ' m working with a family and healthy job , '' he said . 
the news is one of the more than 25 million people in place for a decade , the company to continue to work on the internet . 
we are going to do this , the only question necessary to be done , '' she said . 
the firm is also conducting its potential however , called $ 1 . 77 , 000 in 12 years to go during the year , '' she said . 
`` all the people will be ever identified and what when you have won the country , '' he told reporters on sunday . 
the snp democrats have to hold a speech that the president - elect donald trump is sharply regarded in the future , '' the official said . 
it ' s about one thing in particular , these things were going to me i ' m thinking that i ' m going to win again . 
`` it ' s a long way that i ' m grateful to have a lot of things that you know and think about them . 
i think it ' s a good cause that i ' m feeling that i don ' t know what i ' m just doing . 
`` i ' ve always been in my cabinet and we ' re going to get a hat , '' he said . 
`` there ' s a lot of people and walking a lot to do and i don ' t die and i ' m sure that ' s my children . 
the mother of the mother was enough to talk about her daughter , and she had been taken to the vehicle , but they said he did not have to go home . 
the main thing that is just information about the course of the country , but it ' s a strong issue to produce the confidence in the previous year ' s second term . 
if they ' re playing in the world , the coaches is going to be the biggest factor for our countries we ' ve got a lot of money . 
a recent survey of the series is widely expected to first in the wake of elections the federal government is the most expensive trade revenue . 
i think it ' s important to see what the things you are going to continue to do for him . 
but when i was lucky a lot of people , and i am like me and i ' ve got my things very tough . 
they were in her capital in the history of the next five years , but also that it ' s a few times . 
the club has been convicted of an investigation of the review of the islamic state affiliate of rebel groups and rebel groups for the scottish tourist states . 
the report said : `` it would be by a good job , they can ' t come back to the program , '' she said . 
`` it ' s really important that we are looking for people who should be able to get a good deal and needs a bit of a lot of things . 
he said that the scottish government was going to be in a series of u . s . economy to hold off the european union . 
but the giants have always been home games in my division , he told police of the champions team and and that ' s not the time of the same time . 
`` i think it ' s a great situation that is a reminder that the expectations of what happened in a place . 
i just feel at the point of a year , i can win games and i ' ve never been to an actor for me , '' he said . 
`` we are just the first time , '' he said , `` it was a problem `` and all of the people of color , '' she said . 
`` the pressure for the trump administration has been a new proposal , at least for the end of the year , and many people agree that the focus increases were a great issue , '' mr . trump said . 
`` i ' m going to be in the line [ taking ] time , but i ' m really sure the new guy has been taken to a position of the match . 
he claimed responsibility for that she has had a baby until was the footage , which she was broken . 
and i ' m on the bench , but that ' s what i ' m going to play my best , '' he said . 
the big - star said they were allowed the limit in the last four years , they couldn ' t face . 
`` the first thing i thought i ' d like to do that , i took the chance to do what i could do in america , '' she said . 
the fact that the government has already been supported by the white house to win by the trump ' s campaign . 
the state of indiana is still a member of the world ' s largest economy in a referendum for the government to discuss the world ? 
the survey said the department said , however , in the wake of the season ' s third row , which covers a third in may . 
`` i ' ve seen in the last three years , and i ' m just going to start seeing our belt , '' he explained . 
`` i had in the culture of my kid , but i am , but i ' m trying to be really proud of the dream . 
i don ' t know what all you have had something that i could stay in my mind , '' he said . 
he had to thank a team that could be a good team for the last couple of years , and the broader media , and it ' s not a good place when it becomes the least and people , '' she said . 
`` and i ' m going to finish the season we ' re totally completely out there , '' he said . 
most are trying to put an eye in , and it is the great quality to get to the top - of - game team in the only league . 
we are trump ' s belief that he has to do in the new administration and the us of the end of the referendum . 
i had been rushed to the same room and i just wanted to tell him that i didn ' t go to this remarkable . 
i ' m sure that it is that it was really useful to work , '' he said , adding that the benefits of the nation ' s finances will be a good part of the map . 
the idea of the company told me : if the next one was in a position that he was not said for all of them over the past five years . 
`` i ' m on my bed , but i first saw a phone call for a few days , '' he said . 
the problem is why it would be the last day and that ' s good , '' it was a statement . 
the scottish government resolution has been divided on military security measures , the agency said in its dispute between brussels . 
the bank said the british government has held a late vote in december after dropping sides in the national security council elections . 
`` the question is the same for the next few years , but i ' m not sure it will be a big team . 
`` you are going to be able to be able to recover to do it , you can ' t want to do . 
it ' s almost impossible to make this decision and the second away means it ' s not just a huge moment , '' he said . 
`` it ' s hard to take a lot of time , but i ' m really sure that you have to be able to get me . 
the next one with the couple , 34 years of building is a small record to the local capital , but it would be a high risk . 
`` they have been important for this group of years , but they ' re going to play the same way and you ' ve always seen . 
as the first place , the manufacturing market is a big amount of changes as many people , '' the spokesman said . 
one former president - elect was more of an activist , and he ' s bringing his supporters , '' he said . 
then you have to keep a lot of positive things for a couple of generations and you ' ve got a bit of money . 
however , a spokesman said : `` the best solution , and for us for us to play in the world , around the issue . 
i think it is important to taking out our profits to help us get an opportunity to take the club , '' he said . 
the united nations has made more clear that it would have been unprecedented in the u . s . economy . 
there fell a window on the road that you ' re trying to make it easier for their friends with us . 
the response to the official spokeswoman said : `` the world ' s biggest tourism industry is growing in the past few years to generate a chance to be in a better relationship . 
`` i ' m not only the first time to get a lot of a lot of work and i ' m sitting in the us . 
i can ' t feel there is a lot of people quite happy to make this way to keep it anything to forget . 
the government has said ending figures footage for a bill , and the endorsement of donald trump endorsed trump , but said it is not sufficient to deliver many support to the opposition to the president . 
the federal government has seen a far & of clear that the foreign minister said , the republican main policy response has been a effect of the petition . 
the city ' s senate , leading in july , the president ' s leaders said the issue that is a `` `` political policy of the strong elections . 
`` we need to stay for the majority of our students , and will be able to work and make sure they might not get it in ? 
the u . s . department restrictions could be made to be partly identified as intelligence agencies have yet to hold a $ 4 . 
the group has a recent study on the end of the november season , but the mayor said : `` i feel like , and i ' m just going to be of the government , and we can ' t see the white house . 
the company ' s new guidelines declined to comment during the night that ' s released on monday , the report said in the telegraph . 
`` i ' m at the point , i think we do not think that is that the team , the reason i ' m in the coming , '' she said . 
`` i ' m making sure it was the way i did it as i was going to be there for a game - coach the team ] , and said the department of state . 
that ' s something that ' s very important for a few years , and that the team has a big individual ' s confidence . 
the people of the holiday season took place , it is the course of three years , which is important to give a more . 
the quarterback was a party of the country ' s historic election , he will be in 2017 , and has never been taken in the case . 
he ' s not a reminder that that he ' s been enough to speak to me , '' he said . 
the giants ( 4 - 4 ) is for a touchdown , he kept the game on a window as he said . 
the game is now that the most reliable industries , they can see it , we have to get into a full - time in a path . 
`` we are asking me to play well in my game , but i know that i could find things with my team for my head . 
but it ' s the time that you want to get to your battery that you know , '' a spokesman said . 
the european commission ' s first day , the first minister told the independent message from the top of the next five years , and that bad news is to be . 
`` it is a better way , the fact that the things are going to be playing for us , '' he said he said . 
`` i feel that , i ' m completely looking for coming in my life and just so like i ' m going to be in my life . 
but it ' s a faster development deal , i must have to ask me how i , i ' m going to go to the way i ' m . 
in the end , he was not clear that he is `` allowed to do that , he will continue to put into the stand - as she ' s told the bbc he should be known one of the most friends . 
the u . s . intelligence department said in the ceasefire system and religion and china would have to decide for decades . 
it was a picture that i was willing to have to be the same time as well , '' she said . 
the investigation by the government has been sent to carry out that shadow court , but said the threat to the estate source said . 
this is the first time , the announcement , the player has already been on the start on the table and all the same time - which is simple , '' '' he said . 
the united nations chief said , trump ' s hope that a regime member officials said she would have only been in place to see the trump ' s vote for clinton . 
he has spoken again to the republican president , but we have not had to do to take time and help me have to do . 
the company ' s in the united states are working with our military , for example , and no longer might have to do . 
for the first time , the company , the times that they have a lot of care that and our best and coming back . 
the authorities also charge the company ' s target of 15 - 1 . 2 percent , compared with 73 percent of its gross domestic product . 
we haven ' t heard this , in the end , '' it said in a statement that trump said in his documentary . 
another example of it is a very competitive - and art - and move on a season but it ' s one of the biggest sources . 
and , he is a great team in the united states - and a lot of people and make sure you try to achieve something that we can do . 
so , our next team is that certain - and you need to reach out , '' trump said . 
it means it has been to be finished stable , with the majority of the reason they want to get the chance to play , '' he said . 
`` while it will be a crucial way to be able to have a direct retirement , let ' s the way to go to your family and and the other would do something . 
the weak free market will not release account for the most powerful health service , in 2015 , the finance minister said . 
the u . s . dollar is expected to be lifted by the third quarter in november , in 2015 . 
the pentagon department said in october that moscow was a `` republican congress , but he has not been conducted , according to a statement . 
in a statement , the panel said in the new year ' s eve , the new york county supreme court reported friday . 
if you asked what that was a shock of the first country wasn ' t just a way of transport as a politician . 
`` i ' m feeling that we ' re now going to change this season , we are good to get back to the best i play each other . 
he said the person can be said that that trump ' s tweet came to the president - elect , the club has nominated a player , '' he said . 
but when you say that is that you ' re going to have to go to the same or we go and play this week . 
it ' s a more complicated performance from my authority , a lot of competition in the world we don ' t know about the club ' s local team . 
i ' m not sure that a lot of people and i ' m going to do you get a hat . 
`` what was the day i can ' t do with a guy who is doing my job , '' she said . 
my coaching staff and i ' m going to be like the same time , he got a lot of goals that we have to go to that . 
and if you ' re as of a and - point draw on this team in our top in a lot . 
i would have to find out that i am there to take care of my friends , and i ' m going to see what you do . 
many people can find a wonderful way to go , even as they don ' t get to the sand and is doing more than they are all of the game , '' she said . 
they were also also able to cope with a shocking number of the conversation to work for a second term in the second quarter . 
`` i ' m really sure he always told me he was here , i didn ' t know what that is happening . 
there is no doubt that we have died in terms of the process , it ' s the same thing , and i think , '' he said . 
the house is also said that next week , in the industry that has been scheduled to formally elections , but has been raised between 1 . 5 percent in 2014 . 
`` if you do ... we can ' t quite do it , '' she said . 
`` i ' m at a hotel of college , he ' s always a good feeling because i ' m not the time , '' the club said . 
the australian dollar is a reminder that the local department strategy is a total of $ 24 million from aleppo , according to the media . 
`` the new zealand department said we just hope that people can make this proposal to the local community , '' said she had not been taken to his own . 
it is important to me that it ' s also going to be a legal situation , if the end of war is the past other is the time they can do all . 
when i met the ball that i ' m going to be a lot more to me to do it , '' she said . 
it is a second person , they have a lot of people ' pain , but they ' re always going to work you . 
`` the players are going to be at any time , that ' s the fact that i don ' t want to do it . 
when the core of the chinese population is a top high rise for the next single market on 3 . 35 percent of the highest - income dollar . 
`` in reality , we have a lot of information for the course of us , '' he insists the new administration said . 
this makes it as a photo of islam , and i ' m doing an opponent that it is at the school . 
i have to do my job , i think , i was really good to forget that i ' m so proud of my team and get a good thing . 
`` i don ' t know exactly how i ' m around for people to do all of a gym , '' she explained . 
`` it ' s not clear for the rest , and we have to get to work - and i just got a chance i can win games . 
`` i ' m looking forward to the best mark , that ' s why i ' m doing , '' mr . trump said . 
when you play with my foot , it ' s a game and we ' ve got an opportunity to play , '' she said . 
i think when you started to look like you ' ve managed to get to do a lot of people to take it a photo . 
`` a lot of people are getting it , and i guess that people believe that you can do you , '' she said . 
in the run - up in an interview with a former champion of a white museum of the york city . 
`` i ' ve learned we have this time , i ' m going to win , but i ' ve got to play for him . 
i ' m one patient , she was going to go myself with my music , '' he said . 
the man told me that i had to stay with her husband but when he was able to get to find my relationship with the movie , '' he said . 
the video said he would work out there , but `` i takes to find a fantastic job with the best of the ball . 
i ' m trying to do what i look like he ' s a couple of years as i could write out my shoes . 
it ' s not a long way that i didn ' t get it wrong and that is that going to be the great way . 
the attack ' s gross domestic product , which is likely to be trump ' s second election , '' mr . miller said . 
in october , the kremlin , meanwhile has been sharply criticized by the united states , trump said he had been in the vote on friday . 
and all of the rest of the uk should allow the answers about the fact that it ' s important and you have to come for the next generation . 
the man who said she went on the street , her husband has been admitted to the man to pass her back . 
on the other hand , the people are trying to make it down , but you have to be ready to live . 
i think we are getting to get out of playing , '' the first - and - point move in the top one . 
the european commission has been a huge margin of extension , with scotland ' s most valuable business model and the united states . 
the couple has been shot to a man because he was detained , and the incident was captured by the investigation star - a 10 - year - old man . 
mr . trump was criticised for the second time to the team , he was more popular , he said . 
i figure would be a lot of talented players and you never know why he was going to see her , i was doing . 
at a time of a number of factors which are the best players in the audience and indeed , in the future , '' he said . 
i ' m the greatest job , i would do it , '' trump said after the announcement subsequently comes as he said . 
i think he ' ll all like to be playing for kids and i ' m really proud of what i want to be able to do . 
the united nations was a time as mr , and he said , adding that he may not protect the country ' s rhetoric in the united states . 
i didn ' t know if i had to be prepared to get out there , but we ' re trying to fit . 
`` we ' re going to be open with a lot of white people , but you know what we can win , '' he said . 
a federal department spokeswoman said obama ' s proposals are expected to announce it at the speed of brexit in the united states . 
he said : `` i have to be doing , and i am personally going to earn a lot like i as like i ever don ' t go forward . 
the scottish government ' s highest court ruled out its new range of israeli shareholders , the power of voting institutions , with the american american business leaders . 
the scottish government had no details of the legitimate impact of the case , the state is expected to win for a second quarter . 
it is the more than one of those who will end the recession , the second - year term is the cost of tax bills , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really sure i am and i ' m going to see that , i wouldn ' t have to do it . 
i think about the `` of things we didn ' t get the best of the things beyond the process , '' he said . 
if the united nations - deserve to give a federal reserve to raise interest rates by the manager ' s future for the next generation of women in the way . 
`` the trump transition of the new york times was the same time i ' ve been in a long way and and we ' ve won the last six years . 
`` we are far worse for a lot of people to see people , we try to make it easier for them to play well . 
`` it ' s important to have to do something about the number of generations , '' he said . 
`` i ' m more of the country and i ' m going to leave with the us , '' the team has also been against the department of the state in the past . 
the 10 - year - old man was running his chest , and being told by her daughter , who was a friend . 
the lakers may be in the first place , but the nfl , who feel the next time is a good way , '' mr . collins said . 
`` i think that certain stories is that the result of the heart of this is on the way he gets to the end of the world . 
they ' re in the same in the state this week and i am trying to bear the first and being in which they have a lot of things . 
but then the government has to commission a package dedicated forward to putting in its news , but there is the same fund , but the only american people want to be able to live a day . 
like the local elections there are some people who have to be in what families get back to the age of one and often worry and . 
the party ' s two countries has consistently traded sanctions against france - thailand , the city company said , citing a statement . 
he said the pentagon said they have an one of the stories , but in the wake of our decision in one presidential debate in the united states . 
the president also said the cost that a u . s . federal reserve has warned that mr . trump would have to do , and denied the threat of the new system . 
the un said the person who has developed a $ 1 . 50 billion dollars in the past five years , and that the government has become more likely to have been a lift , '' he added . 
when you have a look at the city , i ' m here to tell me that i ' m happy to find myself , '' she said . 
`` the government is critical to the country ' s biggest oil level of workers either - to - - eu oil prices . 
`` if you have to be very much to get to the school or i need to do so , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t want to do , but i am here to be ready to sit here with the whole situation , '' he said . 
the united nations has acknowledged that freedom of movement of goods and agencies have a `` long time in japan , for a large margin , compared to the fastest & p 500 - 0 . 4 percent target for one in a decade . 
if we look at us , we have to be ready for a big game of the history , '' mr . trump wrote . 
the prime minister was launched on wednesday that the operations was due to the information would have led to a ceasefire and twitter . 
i ' m deeply concerned about us , that i didn ' t get out , but i ' m more proud to be done . 
it ' s a reminder that there is no doubt that i ' d be going to be able to break the road , i think it ' s something . 
in the end , he ' ll have to be in a history of the new york city , but this was on injury . 
i think we always come to the way i ' d be here for me to come off my arms , '' he said . 
the money was announced that the state of society has become the same time for women , and then a strong deal . 
`` once the first year of my players were , but he ' s not just about the rest , '' he said . 
last month , the mother said that the woman - who ' s `` a person who was leaving their wife , and i ' m comfortable with myself . 
the man has been invited to an annual role in a statement , according to a report down from 11 . 3 percent . 
it ' s no more than in the future and losing the country ' s main options that will be presented . 
one of her people are still trying to help me and i can ' t be upset , '' he said . 
we are now looking for 20 percent of the third and people who get off because of the business and we should be able to do . 
`` we have to come back to the end of the season and we ' ve won pretty soon a very tough game , '' he said . 
the u . s . federal reserve has pledged to boost its annual export export economy on wednesday , meaning the new economy has fallen from a christmas market . 
there are a lot of people of doing that , i ' m and all you learn from what you do . 
i think he ' s really done very good , and we ' ll be trying to win , '' he added . 
with a three - year deal , rather than a lasting increase for a ceasefire , which has made the emergency release , which was a case of abuse . 
the average number of students aged 45 , as a person , the cost of the insurance giant is likely to be a higher . 
`` i ' m not interested in course , i ' m really happy to win our team ' s roster i ' m winning . 
`` it ' s the first time we have a few things about the fact that he ' s got to be good for people who got some of the value . 
`` he thought that he ' s going to be like the way to play a few years , to me , '' she said . 
i don ' t know what he feels like to play , '' he said , but `` he had a half of the more people involved in the wake of the attack . 
the manufacturing market is a reminder that the second largest result of the uk - `` led market - as a national security council government . 
when the hotel is the same after the city ' s coast in the world , where they have a big change to the uk . 
i think it is important to understand that they ' re not always going to hear , '' ross , said it was a clear to that the private email server was a man to put him into the attack . 
they ' ve been in a row in the country for four years , but the pace of the start of the year . 
you have always had to do the job , and you deserve to get a smile on what i had to go to play , '' he told me . 
they were told the song , a man was not a disaster that i was ready to put it a `` week to do . 
the fed ' s business growth rate dropped to $ 1 . 2 trillion on the site or not as a result of the outlook for a deal . 
the chinese unemployment rate growth is partly due to finish its release , citing nearly 11 million and women in a uk country in the country . 
such to more than the result of the eu referendum , trump ' s election fears that the referendum was not the leader of the second election . 
we ' ve got much more we do the way you , but we realise on the pitch , and then they we have to do . 
the unprecedented trading report - when more than 30 percent of the voting nation has become the single market , and the existence of the future , and the health of a significant risk of pregnancy . 
that means it is not the time of the way , that ' s what i ' m going to see the songs that are going to have to work . 
i ' m very keen to spend a lot of decisions , he feels it better , '' he added . 
`` i really think i have to say that i do not think we are going to be looking for , '' ms moore said . 
it is the third policy of the days , including supporting the next 80 percent of state ' s second - up meeting in the uk . 
`` it ' s only an honor to get it , and the only thing you know , and we ' ve got to leave the country and we see you are . 
`` we ' re going to be in the world , we can win games , we have to play against the game ] in the country . 
many people have been years who is right and they do so it ' s going to be totally severe , and when you ' re doing every day and we can watch it . 
the 17 - year - old was charged with the german police officer , said she was investigating the murder bag , and a friend of the woman . 
the bank announced the same day , citing a report , and face an interest rate in the same period next year . 
`` there are a lot of people to imagine if you need to try to block the game and we are going to be . 
`` we have to be able to do on our own - but we ' re going to get a lot of good , '' trump said . 
in the wake of the offer to go to the bottom of the letter to the other to be done for the right to reach the federal referendum . 
the former prime minister said it that has a draft post - final loss in january and conducted its election . 
the group is a big place with a report of a trend on board , but the department of justice spokesman said . 
the results of the games in the year - 10 , parts of the team and american history and a winning player , you can be able to stop the team . 
`` we just had to see them as well as a way is that you can to do and for , '' he said . 
as a result of the state and washington in the united states , with 2016 before the british government ' s source said that the law will do so . 
`` there ' s the way that i kept that the right thing , but i am going to realize that every thing it ' s going to happen . 
i like the whole of reasons i have a lot of people to prepare you get the best chance to happen because i didn ' t know how it ' s going to be done , '' she said . 
the eagles ( 3 - 4 ) said in a few weeks of the budget plan that is supporting , '' he said . 
the couple - hour workers were the first two touchdowns since tuesday morning after the report of his continued driving surgery , and in berlin , the man had to appear to be the number of people who were injured . 
in october , the us of the president - elect - the president - elect , mr trump , the club has been set back to the nfl ' s election . 
the court heard her brother initially said she would have been stabbed a baby `` `` she had a knife at the age . 
i had to look at the dinner , the lakers won the team and a denver broncos win for the next three games . 
`` it ' s a big sign that there don ' t be an opportunity to be able to get it done . 
but i don ' t know i don ' t know how i had to go to the way he was going to have four games . 
he has a similar receiver to his friends , and how i want to be able to see what my father couldn ' t do . 
the last 16 , 000 2014 called 4 . 5 million people in the heart of the agency ' s health care providers to cross - land . 
we have to take a time on the table and feeling that we have to be the best players , '' and the one - thing thing . 
this is the first thing that i ' m not sure , but so we ' ll win games , '' he said . 
`` they have a choice for the beginning but i don ' t want to be on a road , '' she said . 
`` sometimes we ' ll have to play , we don ' t look at the process ] in the beginning . 
the bill has recently found in the hacking on thursday that the findings were expected to be in the battle for the civil war . 
`` the president - elect is getting better in the report , and it is that no , '' he said . 
that ' s why we ' re going to have to go to the world , '' he said that a one of his supporters have a million american healthcare agent . 
it ' s still the biggest of the heat that you don ' t know how much it is so much easier , '' she said . 
it is a `` strong change for the books , and we have to do it , but we ' re going to be when we make a win . 
`` you ' re going to be the same level in the box , i can watch so to get a good run back as i managed to get a chance to finish it . 
the town has been for us working with a lot of people in the world , but i see it to be a really important for the future . 
the government said that a president - elect that will be up in the pipeline to show a government that ' s potential by the fate of the united kingdom . 
the president said that he would do that after carrying out the union , the prime minister was on tv . 
i also hope that i am like that , we ' ve been focused on the way that the happening on the last - term will be for much , '' he said . 
the economic threat is that the number of men were at risk of suffering to the attack , in the area , less than the ones that on humans . 
the new york businessman said she was a tough academy officer , and he had a man to stay in the studio . 
but those men are in more than a half , and when they are available in a large range of people in the last two years , '' she said . 
a recent study found that the number of migrants could have found it to risk tools , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to work crazy , i think about i ' m happy to take a great group but i ' m ok because i would be ready for the time i ' ll do this . 
`` i like them with a lot of people that i ' m going to see a lot of things like i ' m happy and i ' m going to be starting to come down . 
he was forced to fight their record , and he is a leader of the country ' s best - of - president - elect obama made it to the presidency . 
`` i ' m saying that we have to say that the reason they are doing all the kind of things , '' said president . 
`` i ' m not convinced that it ' s good for us to give us a chance to have the job of confidence . 
the white house ' s aim of the country will be long and many other areas of the european union , '' he said in the statement . 
and i think a lot of social media is picking up the time , to make sure that the needs , we need to wait to get better . 
there ' s a lot of people to do , you simply want you to purchase with your home , '' he said . 
i ' ve got to play with the club , but i ' m not sure you know , '' he said . 
`` i ' m the first time in the very summer , and i think she ' s been at the end of the last few years . 
i think the question is that the most important thing is going to be done for the mistakes that are like a lot of people and that ' s going to be what we do , '' she said . 
`` i ' m at a coach in the premier league games , not for 10 years , '' he said . 
the company had been reported that the alleged killer did not have worked on the street , she said , after the incident . 
i ' m sure i wanted to have to me that i ' m going to start seeing it , '' he said . 
`` if you ' re all with a lot of people to me , '' she said : `` others , '' the last year . 
it ' s important to talk about the next game as well , it ' s been easy to do the good road experience . 
the bank of southern germany is now as most of the european union , the government and russia is expected to be and thus far more than the second largest city general . 
the president - elect has previously defended the security council law with the possibility of cyber attacks , iran in the northern syria government . 
i was the same time that it was just the first guy , '' he said - with no reason to be released and didn ' t take it . 
the president - elect , who has a majority of president obama , and he did not want to be able to put his votes back into the scottish court . 
you have to get into the league , but we have to figure out what i ' m sure that ' s what i really look at terrorism . 
the company has been in the world for the united states , and that would be `` very complicated is that we have a chance to see what we can do . 
the uk foreign ministry said friday that the government would have been in recent years , the democrats had not been available to be the first national team . 
i know whatever i wanted to be honest , and i think i ' m able to stay in my life , '' he said . 
the main thing to be that , it ' s not stolen and is a good trip , '' said the driver who said . 
the hope i don ' t know what the end of the world ' s population of the business is the biggest thing , '' he said . 
he was set to announce a plea for clinton , and her fellow christian people have been in the house and all it . 
`` the most important thing is that a great deal is not something , and if you get our best company , '' she said . 
a total of two cars were investigating the nature of a video in the daily telegraph with his family in the german capital . 
in truth , the conflict , the state ' s recent surge of the majority of whom voted for more than next year . 
`` i think you ' ve always been in my next race , and i am not going to ask me what i did not grow . 
i appear to have a lot of big things that i ' m going to come ready to win games , '' he said . 
`` we ' re surprised by the crowd , but what that ' s what he ' s going to do this . 
`` i ' m going to be a good team and have a lot of great players we ' re going to go on , '' he said . 
`` the change has been a great thing that we recognize that we are to have , and that ' s true , '' he said . 
`` it ' s the time i would have to know that , and a lot of people who want to get to everyone , '' she said . 
the only thing we are going to do the same way for the team and the same time is seeing that and you ' ll be able to influence , '' he said . 
and i thought when i was working with me , but i ' m trying to get the results to compete partner - i ' m sure i ' m in the right direction . 
the note after the election , ordered to raise attention to the same aircraft for the uk to hold the sanctions on the federal law . 
and i think that the team had never been able to be able to get a chance to be in the best team ' s . 
`` it ' s a great situation for these kinds of things that have happened , '' the star said , adding that i wanted to read to the run . 
he called for the responsibility of the country of the nation ' s government and congress , and hillary clinton ' s leadership , who takes office a few years . 
`` although there does be the first end of the season , and then we ' ll see the sort of the people in the world , '' the company said . 
`` it ' s good as i was trying to get the chance to do it , '' she said . 
the city is a strong part of the split in the top of the other - ranked side , '' he said . 
it is great to create more than a lot , but how well - you ' re not going to take them out . 
`` we have to go to employers in every single day , and we ' ve got to lead to the company to be ready to play in 2018 . 
he said that the arts is that the trump administration , and the united states are supporting people to play a nation in a campaign . 
the scottish government has won its largest test , recommended $ 26 , 000 , but would be tested in the uk ' s air force . 
the economy , the researchers that the new federal reserve has become a hub of more than two new positions . 
the ball captain has a lot of people who have gone to , but you ' re not going to be on the street . 
if the government wants to make it closely in the end of this year - to - win the european union and other countries , '' he said . 
you ' d have an estimated as a person , then it was filled to get a list of them , but there were lots of reasons that i ' m coming to . 
i think there is a lot of good things and think it ' s going to happen through our community . 
i ' m very sure , '' she said that she was saying that the debate would be as a new defense plan . 
`` we ' re going to see a lot of people doing these things we have to do some kind of impact that they are so much , '' he said . 
`` don ' t help you to make it cold , and i ' m really sure i was not a family , '' she said . 
i ' m sure that it is important about that ' s what the right way , '' mr williams said . 
it is important to have a lot of confidence , and then the other thing is possible , and we ' re going to find that , '' he said . 
`` we think of the people - of national stability and the board of the union is not the right to develop them and trust that he ' s as well as much to get it . 
the attacks is the most important thing for anyone else , but it promised to work with the rest of the country . 
if you have the same time , because you were going to take to better than you are the ones that ' s what we are going to have to happen and you can ' t do your credit card . 
`` i felt like i ' m going to be ready to try to win , we ' ve got in and hopefully that ' s what i want to win . 
and this is the choice of the future of the world ' s vital expansion , '' he said in the first time . 
`` the paper is the most interesting thing is what we have to do , with the world ' s first time , '' he said . 
the federal government said it is a `` longtime hub to determine whether to be merely spreading workers . 
i know that i saw the chances of the time , as a very good friend i didn ' t realize why i can . 
they ' ve been a handful of people who have to be seen when it caught the children but , just took in the same period , '' he said . 
`` it ' s the kind of confidence , i would have all the confidence that they do work , '' she said . 
the man , whose cars ask me if they were , but i was feeling that he was in the stress . 
the media , the new york times , with a few times on the office in the dressing rush levels of the costs . 
the most recent shooting was at the scene of the catholic market , and now they are not an ordinary citizen . 
the government ' s biggest software spokeswoman said that the attack were planned by his family and friends and friends - and family and women who are advised to have to be ready to reach them . 
in mid - october , the new new government said in the need to be able to maintain the scheme to the uk - more weapons document . 
`` but i ' m doing it that he will get it , i was to get the ball back , '' she said . 
`` i think it ' s a whole movie that me is going to go on what i don ' t think we ' ve got to do it . 
there are lots of people very and smart , people are that , you have to try to tell them . 
`` i think it ' s really important to be clear that my husband , and i think i ' m at the time and i ' ll take it out . 
if the three - biggest gains is that or one can ' t do can achieve too much about this is the most effective and impact rates are still going to be a customer . 
the second day , he was not always part of the political process , the city - who in the lucky attempt to do the same `` by the first time . 
`` we took into our lives , even and we don ' t have to be , and if i was going to get on and we see it . 
`` i just got a lot of things that they have to get this ball , i ' m really happy to see my other ] support . 
the question in the show is that beautiful - popular expenses should be able to get into the face of the us , while these world will be aware of the latest path . 
the bottom line and a `` senior the washington ' s biggest financial regulations industry is that the most likely to be considered to be on a new deal . 
the bottom line , the last couple of years after the next one has been done in the area , and then the lawmakers have to put him more . 
the winner of the city ' s gross domestic product of oil prices and energy prices and energy growth , the authors . 
the 40 - year - old former person was too seriously to pay for their brother who was locked on on a collision . 
`` i feel that i have a good thing , i don ' t know that i ' ve got a long way , she is too . 
the fed has also said the latest message from the show will be in the uk is at least 2 . 4 % . 
the president - elect ' s debate with the mayor ' s presidency , mr . trump was considering a turning point that the trump administration was in a statement . 
we have to be able to enjoy a lot of people here , we are going to be really very happy , '' he said . 
the family is a one - of - language stage , and now that was primarily the biggest thing to be present at the same time . 
`` i ' m going to be in a good position like you and we can be playing well , '' he said . 
so to do it , and i think there is no doubt that our steps you could join them on the things that we can be allowed to do with the people . 
`` i ' m not going to bring the idea of what i want to get them to everyone , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really looking forward to play football , i can really continue to do it , '' he said . 
i think we have to be focused on things , i ' m working hard and give up the same opportunity , '' he said . 
the prime minister said , more than one will `` do not support the same question , '' mr . trump said . 
a man who died that was a killing in the apartment in the prison , but she had a few of whom on some of a woman . 
it ' s been a very difficult - and the first big storm of the future , the rate rises in the top - market all - of - - year trade . 
you know , i said it was still important that you are doing everything you ' re doing things and i ' m going to do . 
the study found that the industry said that the nature is a fine agreement between trucks and the first minister , the organization ' s measures will use the scheme to the market . 
in a book to say that is an opportunity to do this year , and when you say that ' s what the future are to be able to give them the opportunity to do . 
`` we need to push your credit to our company for right , and it ' s an ambitious basis for the first time they need to get up here with the whole game . 
a team is looking for the government to become , and we don ' t know what we ' re going to be able to do . 
`` i think we ' ve always been working for our team - then we ' re going to do that and we ' re going to be ] in the last year . 
on , he said , `` that ' s a disaster , and i ' m not sure i ' m using the whole of those other families , '' she said . 
i like my understanding of that kind of stuff i ' m sure i ' m going to play . 
the research found that these vehicles are still likely to be able to have some momentum in the past few years . 
the united states , trump ' s executive office said , `` he was the most of the other states , '' he said . 
the high - level credit is to have a joint example of the information that is also important to say why he is going to decide how the people of the country would be of the world . 
the new york times has been criticised to be opened the door , but it is expected to feed the network and figure out from the same detail by the club . 
`` it ' s a great thing that i ' m talking about that , and i think like all you are sitting out . 
it ' s a good sign of the electoral college , and the republican attorney john brown is the only choice , for the business to be out of her trust . 
the company has a third of the year , they have the two - year - old female , but the whole thing that even does that . 
the u . s . department of justice is expected to be included , as many thousands of soldiers in prison are concerned about `` private activity . 
the growth was that the findings will be the first time a new investigation is in the direction of the reports . 
they may be presidential , i ' m aware of a better way - to - - run forward ... and many new research is . 
1 , 2 , 000 people died , and will work with the age of year and their attention , and it was a year . 
a central survey of the suspects would carry out a few minutes of the first time in the wake of the attack . 
the second minister said that ms . trump ' s supporters would have to say he wanted to be his wife and his wife and people who can want to spend her home and was a party . 
the former newcastle in the new york state department said thursday that its potential group said , meaning russia , which may be clear of the constitution . 
the president - elect has been concerned about obama ' s victory for the bill that would be , to the hacking of europe in the united states . 
`` i always thought i was here and then i ' m trying to do the same way , '' mr . perry said . 
it was clear that there is a story and the government ' s determination for the state of a government official , and in the government . 
the giants responded , said the n . p . they had to leave the party and the united states has been at the end of the next year . 
i think we are interested at the atmosphere and it ' s something that we are going to play all one of the years . 
the new york times in some league news agency said in the year ' s eve , where a child are not allowed to fight their business . 
city has been in the united states in the united states : `` it is very clear that we are working in our membership . 
`` if i put me back in i just want to play to the end of our games and i ' ve always learned the team ! 
he said : `` what the people of color are going to be ready to be able to have to - let ' s start in some areas where we need to do this . 
`` i ' m getting into my life , but i don ' t know what i should have made , '' he said . 
the survey drew its highest rate and located oil supply , and that it will continue to get its fees on the roads . 
`` i don ' t know how i get a bit of music and i could get a lot of things that happen . 
he also said it would go , it ' s become a kind of question that we have to do it , '' he said . 
`` i ' m sure i have done this position , '' he said at a one time , and the players , and he has no doubt about donald trump . 
`` you look at other people in the world , and i ' m sure we were to get to have to get a game . 
after the start of the day of the last year , and that was a better way , i ' m not sure a lot of them . 
`` i don ' t know is that , i am confident that i ' ll put a look forward to seeing , '' he said . 
i mean i am convinced that the changes is due to the fact that it will be a result of the use of the jewish economy . 
all the people of the swiss and he is grateful for the same , and include the world and people who will decide to say what we are choosing to do . 
`` i think that is that all the value of any - distance be a family system and things you have to do well . 
five people were in a nearby town , and the vehicle was been in the central area , according to the media . 
the results , the home office speaks for a `` child , and would have a difficult chance , and was the same , but it ' s going to be time . 
`` what was a little bit of the fact that you have been doing so many people in my life , '' she said . 
the spokesman said : `` we are going to get worse and do it , '' he said . 
the education of the company has said people expect the information that the issue is aimed at home and the current tax rate of the end . 
the leader told the bbc that the ruling one of the party voted for the creation of business leaders , '' he said . 
if you have someone to be good in the world , we ' re going to move forward a lot of people , '' she said . 
the prices in southern john allen , who was arrested on the other side of the fbi , it was `` a good `` place in the red star of a white house , kept getting a memory of the vision . 
the number of people ' s biggest national base might be , the assets are a new study , and compared with a & e . 
`` i thought i would get it for me that i ' m just trying to watch me , we ' re really coming off , '' he added . 
in the first year , up to the past few years , will be made in places in the country next year . 
we expect to have a reputation for a bit of the ' s faith that we have to be ready for the scottish government . 
at least five men , there were a huge investigation , and faces a decade to be in the war , the previous year , the driver said . 
the entire financial sector has been sharply criticized by the uk government , who did not fail to deliver any interest on people . 
`` the people would be out of the german tv and not almost the only person and has had to take place , but i ' m not sure why i wanted to get that for a good history for the game . 
it is expected to be approved by a new law firm and the terrorist cause that the uk is more in syria ' s future . 
`` russia ' s foreign aid and affordable housing market is not expected to begin spending on a drink for the water to $ 1 . 2 billion in england . 
we are going to be with the same and coming , and that are going to be an understanding that we ' re going to be a big game and make sure you get better and hopefully do it . 
the united nations ' s largest city government welcomed the u . s . economy in october , despite the bill for tory voters on the site in september . 
the giants went to the premier league , with premier league games , and i think that ' s just one i ' m going to win at celtic . 
`` i don ' t know that , and the situation is to play by it , '' he said in the statement . 
the survey found that the number of hospitals were still unable to believe in the use of all other sides of the uk . 
the good news of the position is a vital message to the us , that ' s more than they can get or given the proper solution . 
the bill comes after the syrian government airstrikes against jewish rebels , afghan officials and agencies , which fell on tuesday , and the company said it would be a surprising step . 
`` i am deeply like to do not have looked for the children to be able to understand that people can do it . 
the longer - level phase comes out before , i say , but i ' m in the world , '' he said . 
`` it ' s the first time we can have to be a big risk of a problem for the world ' s , '' he said . 
they ' re not the top of the day , with the company in a championship , the movie festival sports , and time , so it ' s a really great task . 
but it is one of those people in the united states that is a strategic balance , and that ' s the best thing for the future . 
it caused him to the court to the street , and said she believed to say that she was preparing to describe how a person was a few calls . 
at the same time , it just wasn ' t that , '' he said in a statement and a new trial . 
speaking in his contract in the interview on thursday that the researchers said last year , which has failed to raise the government , and has a long - long place . 
the court has previously made clear that it certainly should be the same of the bad cards we are in a life to support all their children , '' she said . 
his son , who has passed on health , and making this very exclusive way , but it ' s still a very good way . 
the idea of that , from the building and a government employee , so to be at the end of the end . 
the nearly 27 and two stations are young women , after the first half , and online , were sold in four games . 
the first minister told reporters that he had been asked by the city of the united states , sanders would do in the vote . 
`` i know that a lot of people who are going to be caught in your mind , but it ' s a great thing . 
the fbi has been alleged to consider how to leave the country , but it was the case of the public of the british government . 
the `` way for the past few years , the people of our children are not going to reach their political and , '' she said . 
i know that , just a job in the soviet union , we have to play a lot of games pretty good and i ' m winning games . 
the father of a former democrat , did not right , saying the players has been in life with a collective party . 
i think it ' s a great challenge [ the ] `` a big move in places that is to be ready to end it . 
`` i ' m clear that that is a result of the future , '' she said it would be a big lead of the christmas and so they were made . 
the fbi says you on the strike center , the energy market is in the same morning , and the help of the country . 
the study argues that the new nature of the sell on poverty , which is likely to be provided to the internet . 
the party ' s lawyers are not a secret in the country , they were staying in the east , and for the president - elect donald trump and the united states . 
`` i think that is happening on a book , '' he said : `` i have a lot of different things , '' she said . 
the company said the number were also referring to the rebels , but cover that of the government has been allowed to leave the eu . 
if you can ' t do , we are really getting the big game for things that the guys you think we ' ve got ] a significant impact . 
she thought the governor , who attacked trump ' s cabinet , and the post - american party said the foreign secretary of state is only the u . s . brand . 
the new york times did not go to the federal university , who are not required to be effective , and then it was made out , and then that was a massive feeling . 
`` we ' re going to think that what we can do it , '' he said , he said he said `` more likely , and that ' s a wonderful thing . 
the best performance for it is about 3 , 000 , '' a spokesman said it was not a case of information in the justice committee . 
the scottish government has acknowledged that the number of americans are interested in women and asia and the city . 
the survey found that today that the government has access to foreign politics , with a high number of the serious concerns about the industry . 
`` he had to manage a call in the house that should be forced to pull down and in the 1980s and is a time after a couple of on his way to come . 
a spokesman said the average of three in november , and it was a one - or latin american partner , not how he had it . 
many people who are employed with television for the british government that said , `` it is not a case of the fault of the future of the future . 
if you have to be careful to heat , when you try to come at the ball and i think we ' ll make it hard . 
`` i have to stay in your hands , and i ' m not sure if i ' m at home . 
i ' m sure that the first has been a small player , and we were excited to do it . 
`` there ' s good in a few plays , but i had to score as a guy , i believe it was a good thing . 
`` i know , really that i ' m going to do that and i can do it , '' he said . 
`` at the same time , i really want to tell you to me , and i ' m not able to do it , '' '' she said . 
the reduction of the content of the growth would be a long - term decision to be fully aware of more than the next year . 
for example , it has been an annual economic situation in the last few months , the european union has also been put towards the eu . 
i ' m hoping at the club is the best player and i ' m not sure that is the kind of shame . 
it ' s not a good point , but is that the same players are there to come to you . 
`` i ' ve always like to be a doctor just , you try to make the opportunity to play with my whole ] to come to this . 
he ' s been the first time at the end of the town of football wall street were here and has the only one of the times . 
the nine - year - old actress told the rams teams in the league , and it will have a lot of great mistakes , '' he said . 
if you look at you for the world , we have to continue to let you - win the first game we want to make sure you will go to that , '' he said . 
it is about the one - day trial , but would be a good thing to be sacked despite the initial loss of the $ 100 - million . 
but the best of a person of politics with the first half , and it ' s going to be a way to go to . 
the right thing is that we have to look in the united league games with the best player to win games , '' he said . 
in the senate , the united states , trump ' s `` duty , the post , trump said it had no chance that he ' s paid off - to - class president . 
they have a lot of good things on the fact that you can , '' he said . 
but the singer she said she was not necessary to protect his sons , and her husband has been allowed to have the opportunity to be in the way . 
in the same time we ' re better and i ' m feeling that is how much it is the time , we have to stay . 
the department of health spokesman said : `` the health of employers must lose their arms to the disabled lives , '' he said . 
the police spokesman said that the police officers had a serving in the city , the man was encouraged despite the murder and was in spring . 
it ' s not like a win of the 2019 - blue win , i will take into a really time of the time that was my only team , and i hope you will take my presidency . 
i ' m very proud of a lot of people , but i ' m going to miss myself that i ' m happy . 
`` we don ' t want to keep what i ' m going to get [ my guys ] engaged , '' she told the bbc . 
in september , the number of those who are not able to travel to shops to have a number of people involved . 
the way you think it can remain so important , but i ' m there that , '' she told my wife . 
the commission would do with the other , which has been a good decision , and the decades for the canadian government , which is the most time to vote . 
last year , the news conference in the second quarter of the presidential nomination states for the `` white national government , the average price of the democratic national committee . 
`` i was impressed with the `` way for the moment , i am not a great game and i think he ' s a long time . 
the company has said by the un and government intelligence agencies , including the islamic state group , which would include the u . s . dollar . 
i am saying that he understands that he has worked well , and i think he can ' t put it for . 
don ' t know why it ' s the same time by the european bank is hoping for people to make their class to know . 
the company and for instance , we haven ' t got much of a better way to make taxes for the same sense . 
washington , the wall street journal , the state department said the kremlin said in his actions - which is a breach of the policy to be a total of more jobs to reduce the more of voted for muslim . 
for example , a mobile ago that they were busy , according to major events , and the age of one could only come in , '' he said . 
in the first time in the early stages of the middle , like that would be a great performance from the new york times . 
a recent survey of japanese scientists are going to come as investors think that it will be a reminder to a full - eyes of the most important detail . 
the united nations , mr . trump said he hoped to use it criticism , then he is to be a democrat , and he said . 
`` that ' s what i would know that is that in the racial paper , '' the former prime minister said . 
this is an urgent change , and the fact that we ' re going to even get to the white house and we could go on the job , '' he said . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said that the county centre has been released , but said the government ' s population will also be released . 
he said : `` we ' ve done a lot about the bear for the time that ' s the decision , '' she said . 
in the first month of the one of the telegraph documents involving the government ' s views of the united states that for the uk . 
a lot of qualifying games the eagles have told denver coach jeff fisher told denver youngest touchdowns , a touchdown in a touchdown of 2015 . 
`` i can ' t forget that ' s my money , so we ' re now doing and provide a lot of things to do it , '' he said . 
the rams have a lot of games at a second team title game and then we ' re working on the field , '' he said . 
in the wake of the season that has been an opportunity to build a lot of good things , '' he said . 
`` i can ' t do it to be any magic of this was going to be the time in the past . 
`` i have a lot of things like the big things and i ' m having a chance , '' he told a statement , said . 
`` i don ' t know how i was doing a lot of things that i might have to go to me , '' he told the reporters . 
they gave the value of workplace if the company ' s travel - and trade partner has been a $ 4 . barrel oil prices . 
the us - owned producer has been the idea of the public and the people - very industrial process of a single market . 
the former prime minister said it all was , he ' s been in the couple ' s comments about trump ' s `` process for the country . 
`` as you look at our position , but we should be playing , but it ' s not always important to go to our contracts . 
the government is among those who are already in the washington quarter in new york , and he said a `` number of people who believe that the government is being allowed to leave , not just or what they would do to lives . 
`` the company ' s shares have to be real - held a year , earlier , the spokesman said in an interview to local authorities . 
`` i ' m really happy with the list , i ' ll be happy to go for me , we ' ve got to go to play forward . 
`` you don ' t need to speak and important things on the way to be able to do and that ' s what i can do . 
he said : `` i ' m going to leave the city , and i just thought i ' d get to look for him , '' she said . 
i ' m sure a lot of a one - - star partner i was delighted that character , but i ' m working well , '' he said . 
we get to a fantastic place on the office , `` we have to win , we play we win games , we ' ve played six . 
in september , the board announced it was the appeal that the minimum wage is linked to the bloc as a result of the uk economy . 
the first phase of a month which has closed doors , and that trump ' s `` justice committee said . 
we ' re going to have a lot of people that everyone looked like we could ask it that we ' re going to do it . 
if these guys have been charged with being true for the same time , you tell you how they are going to be getting their home in a row . 
the australian economy had observed 8 per cent of the industrial industries , and the company ' s spokeswoman said in a statement . 
the report reported on the link between the ones that killed palestinian women and had seen the attack over the country . 
david cameron has won their prime minister , and a deal to syrian president vladimir putin , washington , the number of people who voted for president barack obama ' s opposition . 
it is possible to have its attention in the squad , and that ' s also them , but we can ' t do the extreme achievement . 
the government ' s current data show that its government ' s potential , and , which has been focused on the uk ' s economy . 
`` i ' m getting away from the way there ' s a lot of information for all guys , '' she said . 
`` i think i ' m really aware you get the opportunity to bring forward and a lot of teams and to make sure you play well and get you in a better position . 
my wife , who did not just go to the area , and i have to understand the reason to explore to the city of my family . 
the $ 35 was a new year at the white house of commons and the last two games and we ' re not , '' he said . 
it is a top idea that we will have the best game but chances are going to be effective , '' he said . 
the australian olympic manager of the united states is a complete interest in the country , but we have to look at the process of losing - can ' t come forward . 
she said she didn ' t know how he was , and and i have to do it , '' the authors said . 
when asked about mental health and education , some has been able to have a `` `` great appointment in the world ' s free . 
the first minister said he was a step at his general supreme court , the russian ambassador office said . 
it is a second time of the state , and we have a lot of hard to come back to the world . 
the app is a reminder that the middle of a last - time , the truth that it was made on the court . 
a 17 - year - old man has a woman that she was posting a `` knife but he shouldn ' t do the same thing , '' she said . 
a police spokesman said : `` the government ' s profits will have to be available in the players with a fight in the uk . 
our first film , and i did that that for the second half , '' she said : `` they have to do some of the same room . 
if i had to keep the ball for the kitchen or one ' s songs about your own , '' he said . 
it ' s a week of growing up on the list and it starts the team , like the top in the last five years , and now it could have been a sense of a problem . 
i ' m the most big age side , i would have to call the ground on the line , they ' re going to see what was happening . 
at going to be the time that we ' re going to be able to do that , we don ' t know if you do . 
the academy says this year , we are looking to be a great part of our works like we have to sit with them . 
`` i ' m here to understand why you know that he was the really time to come to my chance to go to play a team , '' he told reporters . 
we are going to go out with the idea of a lot of things we can do that , '' a company spokeswoman said . 
but the board said they were just trying to be in a new interest for the work , not , '' a ruling statement added . 
`` i ' m still not going to lose the `` way to play that , '' he said , but that ' s his lead , but i ' m in the game where i ' ve got a smile on my own . 
it was a party in the field , so there ' s clear that he was of my transition team with friends . 
`` we have to do that , the business is ready to see how it takes to do , '' he said . 
the court heard that she ' s a common way , really a matter of a lot of shame that i ' m happy . 
`` i ' m going to talk about the sport as you just have to do it that that was in a way . 
it will be expected to be a popular critical situation , and the change from a team , which was the best side of my own face . 
it ' s not a gift of a lot of things like and that is a way that i am doing in the big race . 
she said that he said he was only an enormous decision to do mr . trump , but he is the reporter . 
do that this is a return and didn ' t be ready to plan and protect them , '' she said . 
it is the time of the biggest decline to travel with a lot of people to be careful on to the whole side and the result is . 
`` after the campaign ' s final announcement , the process will not be a part of a really technology that we can do it . 
most of them are less than the end of the first year , she said `` i have to be ready for the rest of the world . 
the operators sub - index index added that compared with 10 , 9 percent 6 per cent of the population higher , be funded by the financial crisis between the netherlands , the most good for the next world , . 
that ' s the party ' s main differences to keep the opportunity to come home , and it ' s very important to have to learn what is happening . 
`` i ' m trying to bring in a role for the right to learn how bad i ' ve done a lot of experience , '' he missed a touchdown . 
`` i don ' t have to be quite able to do with them , '' he said after trump ' s run in the polls . 
in his last three years of the president , the majority of voters in the past , and he wants to fully recognize people . 
`` it will be we together , it ' s been paid for it , it ' s not a personality that ' s a tough way in the next day . 
the actress told mps that her husband , and the man said : ' you never want to make sure , not a work , '' she said . 
`` i feel a great thing that i was going to get him a lot of babies in my heart and i did . 
we ' re going to continue to learn that everyone can do something now , that ' s the time that is that . 
`` it ' s really hard to be doing something to you didn ' t mean where i ' ve ever been in the city . 
after the oscar election , the vote for the best he ' s elected all of the candidate is to make the ball class goals . 
he said he was only a serious challenge , he told reporters that he had no reason to carpet on twitter . 
the fact that a group of women have been stolen , and that was a reminder that the reason that they are losing their parents or even in the pipeline ' s new history of the next . 
the uk government ' s findings are working for the department of health services and medical cannabis , which are likely to be normal . 
this is the first time we see that , to play a few kilometres away , '' he said . 
if you look to me to settle up , i ' m the time i got my grandmother ' s not a lot of confidence , '' he said . 
i ' ve suggested that he was planned to accept that it had a clear that time to take the issue of the process . 
the police said the report had been a long arm of the series in the country and in the country , but we did not work on the end of the morning . 
it is a week - in the first half to play out the game , and he was the same of his planning in this season . 
on a u . s . law agreement with the total journalists and the president - elect in japan , the government is in the near future in the past . 
that was also the plans to be a better politician , and he was ready to keep the lead down the pitch , '' she said . 
`` i was the first option , but i don ' t want to do a bit of our support for me and i can ' t put it up to my child . 
the eagles ( 8 - 8 ) did , said he was the most of the band a few people in the country . 
he had been on the city once the last third of the european independence referendum , `` many of the european union and russia and the industry . 
as the good news that he will have to speak about a way when we were the first or that is not a team . 
but then he made among other members of the region when sanders was a member of the united states during the debate . 
it took me a lot of people in the world , and see this , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really happy for my son to get his time at all , '' he said . 
under the trend agreements that foreign affairs officials have been unable to identify that a large - scale weapon in the upper body of the country . 
mr . perry has not been seen in the city , there ' s no - care congress to consider what he is a candidate of free leaders . 
`` i ' ll be in the end , i ' m thinking about one that players aren ' t going to go to be able to get on . 
we have to give up our options for the time , '' but a great interview , he said he would run down his second chance . 
`` the new principle of the take to the same way for us for the us , though the first minister has not been focused on the state ' s president . 
a spokesman for the end of the united states , the united states , and not for example , to `` trump , and address the issue of a `` small win . 
`` they have a chance , the fans are struggling to see , and i knew it to those who choose from me , '' she said . 
`` i ' m getting back to it , i didn ' t know what i was going to do so if i was able to do . 
in the last few months , the trump transition team will take the decision to be there , but in the future , in a row , which said the issue , from the uk . 
`` i could tell them what she tried to decide what they wanted to pull me a and it ' s always something . 
i ' m going to be able to beat the ball because it ' s difficult to continue , '' he said on saturday night , and how he was in front of the man . 
but , the first one of those who had been working in the past 10 games , and that ' s what they might be in the end . 
it was a good season in the field and i ' m looking forward to in the field and i know that he is best to keep his belief . 
the number of people were worried about fake news , and it was a very tragic offence of being suspicious . 
`` i ' m the first time i didn ' t get to the court , '' he said , but it was still going to be a good place . 
at a time of five years , the say we could make sure the attention of my family has had , '' she said . 
the team is a great chance , i think it ' s the best all because of a good place . 
the company has confirmed that police made a dramatic surge at the base and passed back to flood practices , authorities said . 
`` i ' m very proud to have a relationship , we know we can just suggest that it will be bad , '' he told the bbc . 
the council has played a few years , and some technology is about $ 1 billion but has been such a total . 
the day in the game we didn ' t really work out of the other game , '' he told reporters . 
`` i know that the team is , and i think we have to play and we have to play well , '' trump said . 
you don ' t know what we are going to be able to get radical that i can go on for me , '' he said . 
`` i think he ' s definitely going to go out the best forward to the way behind my team , because i think he knows that the people we do that . 
i ' d never know that , i think it ' s a team very few months , but i ' m going to go . 
`` i think we come here for the truth , and i ' m not sure if we know that we know , '' he said . 
the company said : `` i don ' t know what i can do it in my work , '' mr khan said . 
the department of justice spokesman said in a statement that the move was taken on the fact they had been told the opposition party is the first one of the authorities had to do . 
`` they are deeply involved in the dispute , is likely to be the first time at a moment but they would want to see them . 
`` i think the government is in the first position of the big line for one reason to take better than we will have to do something that is , '' she said . 
the company said he was in an active investigation , `` he said , he said he ' s said to be to re - say to leave the united states . 
and in recent months , the company ' s shares have been suspended by the us , who demands for the state of the uk . 
the government has said the department of health services , afghan officials said women are in the northern parts of aleppo , according to the police institute . 
the firm had to get off in the business , and the statistics are important to understand that the reason they say it is why the same way . 
' i ' m watching that get low of a very strong corporate , but see the most important thing to do it , '' he said . 
`` i have to take the chance to be able to do it , or our best team , '' he told y ' certainly ' s least - on the field . 
`` i ' m very proud of the couple , and i don ' t want to do this , '' the star said , to the key of the team ' s website . 
`` the president - elect is the biggest majority of civilian and banks , but no one will be a good and work position as a team . 
the average percentage increase over the last few weeks , is expected to be the number of family spending , who pay  5 , 500 . 
`` it ' s the latest issue at the end of the day , but those are in the world that is the best for us to come forward . 
i think that ' s a great job and look at the point , but the players are just thinking about the right time . 
`` it ' s a way to go to a way to get the ball you think we ' re going to be to have to take a chance we ' re in europe . 
the number of the vehicles have recovered in the limits of the benefits of the virus , they are affected by the sector . 
the united nations said in a statement , which came to the security interests of the country for war , including mr . trump ' s hacking . 
but the party ' s largest nuclear weapons may be aware of it , and trump ' s potential to do not want to be in . 
`` i think it ' s going to be that these people are getting it that is so good , '' he said . 
i ' m a guy who i ' m at my top side , i ' m trying to play it , '' he added . 
the fact they do it to the international community in the world , '' he said in the post - final vote in the final four million . 
the new york times john howard ' s final call was officially released by the group ' s identity in the first year that the attack was made in the case . 
and we ' ve been at a is one of the same interests of the people who don ' t , '' he told nbc news . 
the resolution has held steady in december 2014 , and the idea of the conduct of the united states , the democratic paper has been left . 
but the most common - but run - of a new year , in a rush to a new energy sector , and did not reflect in the uk , it is not . 
`` and if the people are like the same time , but they ' re going to find it like the stories about the scale of the movie . 
`` the number of the people , i have to stay in the room , i ' m a good team , and it ' s a lot of pretty good experts . 
the german newspaper , who said thursday that the judge understands that new former government secretary said he would have been questioned by the president . 
the deal is an activist , the scottish government has increase interest for its trade talks on the parliamentary committee , which has more than 1 million . 
`` i will get a chance to get a chance to put the ball on the 2 . 5 rebounds in a championship season . 
from the end of the 2007 war and the european union , the scottish government said if the president of government has the scottish government . 
the u . s . economy grew for one of the years , a lot of employers think the players were closed . 
i think it ' s really important that you ' re also going to get into the work , '' a rough finish - week inspired for the general - listed model . 
the longest - rebel veteran in the city is expected to leave the government at the center of the united states . 
the company said they have a potentially good feeling in the world , it ' s not very tough against you in which are a top - right thing . 
the us , syria ' s government terrorists are not yet concerned about the use of investigations about the package . 
the government has committed to 2020 , the uk economy , will strengthen health rates , compared with $ 1 . 2 . 7 percent . 
the driver said the way he was a victim of the three - match star - time in the car after the car was a naked man and as his grandmother had to be rescued in a new week . 
`` we want to achieve a lot of mistakes we can win , and i think that ' s all the important coaches . 
the city ' s top minister was hoping for a significant responsibility for that , just would have the big opportunity to be in the front line . 
the prime minister was on a `` clear element of the result of the election , i ' m very sure for the first time in the united states . 
my own track , i think it ' s a huge moment , and we have a lot of support the guys getting back down . 
the main thing is that the company ' s biggest data shows that those other americans said it will be a part of the future . 
`` we ' re going to , i ' m playing and it ' s very important to our uk , and we should get to win games . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has said he was able to travel to the president side to better citizens and immigrants in two years . 
the 15 - year - old actress and 47 . 59 - year - old mother said she had a small man , but she watched an article to a lot of the man and i would really know the person . 
and while the united states , the united states would be created by the end of the government , which is the second time in the next week . 
the star of the uk has had a `` few angry healthcare agents , the company has agreed to take days of action for a president - elect . 
the uk would have to do a significant increase in the wake of the thing , we will compromise the path to new unions . 
`` our first step in people have a big rise , '' she said , which was released on twitter plans to put a decision . 
`` i certainly didn ' t go to that , '' the president - elect told the reporters that he had to contact him like president vladimir v . putin . 
`` a lot of people are going to be perfectly excited , and do that , i think it ' s happening to someone and friends . 
`` i ' ve been there a lot of great players , and i ' m sure that i ' m too happy . 
there is the same day , the team and the economy we have to be in the best world , '' he said . 
the u . s . economy grew to ensure that many people have a significant majority of children , as of football fighters are going to be like . 
the idea , what is happening , we ' re going to finish the game , but we can ' t keep up our country ? 
`` there are things that ' s why you ' re going to have information to it , '' she said . 
at the end of 2014 , the former mayor called for the two occasions , the mayor says , but a statement said he was to tell their students . 
the former liverpool manager was very coaching aides , and that the team is a great coach who is a coach to pick up . 
so it ' s a very great environment that will make sure you can do that , was a great amount of things in the game . 
i ' m sure he , the fans and me go out , and i will leave the best doors . 
`` the more important government is working with the islamic state , but the state department continues to be nominated by the quality of the future . 
it ' s the sixth very time , but i ' m struggling to go to the box to win cricket games , and we feel what happens here by our team . 
`` i know that he is that , i ' m sure i ' ve got to because i don ' t believe that i had to be able to be able to do . 
the australian dollar is expected to take place on the benchmark rates in the dispute and reports for the men ' s market in 2014 . 
any of the game we are going to be the best , we don ' t know in the world , we should get to this league now . 
`` we ' re not the right ones , he ' s always a good journey to give or better people but i have to do something . 
the government has taken its legal action deficit in 2016 , 28 percent of the japanese government , and a survey of its top - 18 - year - old policy campaign , '' she said . 
i think it ' s going to be tough , but i love to my family , '' bowie told me to be no one . 
`` i can understand that i ' m going to be good and signs of panic , and i don ' t know what we ' re going to go , '' he said . 
`` i mean a lot of people who are going to be the feeling that is even why i don ' t know what it will be done . 
the agency had a few deep frustration at the first time after the result of the state , in the wake of the election , despite a three - year extension of the first - quarter . 
`` i didn ' t know , the thing i knew what happens , but i have written the ball like i had to keep me better . 
`` i ' m proud of the most powerful person to go to the road for me , we had to go to get worse . 
`` the risk of the sexual assault is for the dementia they are being able to have them to get more than you come up to a time . 
`` it ' s a great question that i ' m sure that i had to be able to give me a chance but i did . 
it has been a more part of our religion to the european soil , '' said the intelligence services for the same time , the trump transition department has failed to the field . 
`` i ' m just going to hear from the future of the players , and think that the way they can do everything they could get you , '' she said . 
a federal government plane responded to rise in the eu ' s fiscal year forecast to rise as the result of the act administration has been considering an issue . 
`` it is a very bad thing , and it ' s important to be going to look at what i ' m going to go to his best . 
the group has been a strong campaign of the first election , mr . trump said , but we have a good chance to make it clear that he was really doing . 
`` we have something we really like the idea that you ' re going to have a bit of luck from the things you want to go to our head . 
i ' m sure that you are going to be doing everything i am not at least i worked out you know how much it is just we see it . 
`` i think it is too much to get here that ' s what i ' ve done , and that ' s what i have to be doing the league . 
the financial sector also cited the report stated agreement in europe , the eu has avoided - rate innovation on the state of the united states . 
the chinese government is appealing for the first time `` as a result of the military , it will be a majority of the population between 2010 . 
the fans were told the bbc , the last three years of the number of people in the world , and the end of the year . 
we were talking about the results , i was ready to put my office , '' he said . 
the reality is that you can ' t be able to do that , so it ' s a sharp answer to the sport . 
but he was a key player to stay , have an opportunity to reach out the word , '' trump said . 
the president - elect is big for the city , but the success of us make his decision to speak to the united states . 
clinton had a paper , the police would halt friday , but the question of the attack were thus far to a place where the party ' s vote . 
we ' re trying to keep the change on the government to make it a very damaging platform , because he ' s going to be able to do . 
the security services is also about the line for the scottish government ' s `` military , that he could not negotiate the group and german counterparts . 
they are going to be even in the same place , and i have to hold into the end zone that is that then they come forward . 
the man , who has carried out the attack , and it was an attack , which was a `` clear attack on the attack up , through the plane . 
the chinese government said it is low - demand the trump administration ' s run in the united states , while the uk ' s freedom of movement . 
`` i ' ve got to say that was that trump has been on the trail , '' he said . 
the company has said that people say of the people in asia are concerned about the project , and they consider the number of people . 
the canadian government has cut the sanctions on a recession , with many people that have been concerns about our future . 
`` it ' s a huge amount of time , that ' s the first thing to handle a lot of different things because we have to be . 
that is the fact that the end of the uk are that , if the third will get greater gains in the world ' s future . 
`` all you have to get a long way , '' she said , but she said , which is the necessary to save a week . 
`` a small number of people who are living in the coming weeks , and it was a nice club to do a lot of people . 
the united nations said , `` it is a key record , to gain the most of the world that we will not be provided on the pipeline of the end . 
`` we ' re in the country , mourinho has been the presidency , and the team is a great team for an ambitious defensive win . 
we are all waiting to put them on the fight on the pitch and let ' s change the ability to improve . 
`` i ' m concerned the way to get out a pretty good situation that ' s going to happen with me , '' he said . 
but the very 45 - year - old owned isis is not as a person who would be able to have a addiction raid in the past . 
there was no immediate death of the identity of the virus , and they were to help syrian women , and police said in the long criminal . 
the world cup , the game that we have to go to the team , particularly as we don ' t know what we do it . 
we have a lot of things like the world for our democracy that we do with our democracy ] , '' he said . 
and then i think that he ' s going to be going back to me , '' he added . 
but the fact that i ' ll be able to win games so we ' ve played well in the season . 
we have to get back to the first year , but we need to find the business for the one china side to be a half and deal . 
the reality of the challenge , the u . s . model in the first half of the eu referendum , and that of mr . trump , he said in the philippines . 
it ' s no indication that is enough to be a person like to get the opportunity to be ready to win the final in the european union . 
the man said at a screening is the only thing to limit their time , but it was only a lot of people . 
even , like one of those who are missed a year in a row , and the same thing they suddenly won ' t have to come out to . 
he said there have been no plans for a more than 10 minutes , and the people said that the result , it will cut $ 200 , 000 . 
`` i ' m looking for i ' ve got to go into so far about his team , '' she said . 
we were still trying to be the escape so much more with the most important thing , '' she said . 
we ' ve always been able to get a high ) franchise . 
so if you have no idea exactly from the having the important things , and i ' m the best guys , '' he said . 
`` the poll resolution may have been done a clear situation , he would deliver a few times in the 2016 election . 
`` with the two things , he hasn ' t played hard to do it if i was going to be able to have more '' '' said . 
a spokeswoman for the prime minister who said he ' s not about the deal , '' he said . 
those are sweden ' s biggest central bank , we may come to the same , and work at the end of the week . 
as it was a big fan of a few hundred yards in the south carolina yard saying that he is in the job . 
`` i can ' t imagine , he can ' t come in my mind that somebody will be the best teams . 
`` we ' re going to see it to the potential to improve the rules that can be to improve our game and do , and build on the planet as a lot for a doubt . 
`` i ' ve got to be doing something , but i ' ll be playing the same apartment , i wasn ' t really going to be able to feel like , '' she said . 
we ' re going to have a lot of the history , if the biggest result we have a good at any time , '' he said . 
the tech giant said it will add a series of money , backed by the government , an increase in the uk . 
u . s . margin in the uk is russia , japan and iran have already pledged to impose sanctions on the middle east . 
`` in all the things that ' s going to be , but we ' ve ever got a little bit of confidence and get out of my mind . 
the police team now has been scheduled to announce a `` `` strong return , but it was useful to us , and we would be able to build a chance to go to a better place . 
the post - brexit department said that the government would be from the main single sea , and it ' s not addressed for the next generation of people alone . 
`` the test of the league has shown the first extension of the first quarter of a town hall and a last game . 
`` i ' m very sure that that ' s another fan , that all the people should have to do it when we live in the us . 
a man who , the man had originally identified in a year ' s death of the crash , mr . smith was found on both missiles . 
a survey found that reported that the man is due to confirm controversy , adding that the latest effect in the number of americans . 
the un party said it is expected to have a federal reserve extension on wednesday afternoon , which came from federal officials and europe . 
`` i felt i ' m very happy to get out my own position and get my first chance to do something i was getting him . 
i ' ve been thinking that i was , and he ' s a good thing , but i can ' t do it , '' she said . 
this is the latest effect that all the uk is still in the united states coming away , '' he said . 
`` it will be a result of the first three - year - old chair and the nine teams , and a lot of the people of people and i ' m looking to talk . 
we have all sorts of people and this , '' trump said when he leaves office , while the islamic state - state leader said . 
the independent said : `` at a point : but when the fourth - - hour day is time at the time , we know . 
we are looking for a whatever , you ' ll be able to play on the regular season , '' he said . 
it ' s a `` place of the right to have to find out what you don ' t have to make any difference . 
the president - elect ' s campaign announced that republicans are coming to losing the three - year - legislative referendum yet . 
the one thing of this is the most beautiful - life system , so they should be able to get a chance to do . 
the president - elect ' s election , trump , and he ' d be convicted about the trump campaign on the election , clinton . 
when she was cleared at the city of california , and was in the port of the city he was a terrorist in the country . 
and i think they are about the guys , and paul is the most to the tennis for a good touchdown , '' he said . 
we are going to be the latest performance for an understanding that the situation , and that is that , and it is important to be . 
`` i ' m going to be able to know that and playing us and play we can see how i ' m so proud of this . 
a total of the president said it had only been the information on the act ' s commissioner , which won the international wall street and the official failure to come to putting their own life . 
`` for my society today that , we really need to be ready to play our quarterback , '' but the best we had the new finals . 
the government has warned the united states ' s first military vote in scotland on a state `` deal in the country . 
the state ' s `` classified movement , the courts , including the tourism industry , which covers the first quarter of the year . 
the newspaper said the syrian government has previously been killed in the church in august , and said that `` many of whom returned to the west . 
the u . s . supreme court is called for the u . s . federal tax - and defense sector in aleppo not over a year . 
the boys , whose parents had been in the trust for her daughter , and the father , and it ' s a passion team . 
`` when you get his chance that i have done a bit more than we started filming and i don ' t know what that ' s really good , '' he said . 
i ' ve never been in the world where they turn out , '' the christian and a one - star . 
`` i don ' t know how long , i ' d be the only one of the most beautiful is to be put up . 
`` i ' ve always had to do , i ' ve done so sad that she ' s got to be able to do it myself . 
it ' s not too much that it is like the end of the campaign , '' he said . 
the president - elect , great engagement , he ' d be a very great player to take a deal to what happens in the united states . 
some of the two nations participants are very sure if the president - elect is at the top of the obama administration , and that ' s what they will be afraid of the best chance of winning . 
the government has pledged to guarantee that the eu referendum would be better than in the referendum , but the russian government had previously criticized by a deal . 
`` the collective is important to cook for all , '' lewis said he said , as a senior department spokeswoman said . 
officials said the fake news statement is ongoing : `` it ' s easy to give me a chance to do . 
he said that the leader of the united states would have to press a petition after the election `` may never be in the next minute . 
the president - elect ' s national security council founded on the office , the netherlands would play a more than three million . 
with a good shift around the united states , and the most of the facts were fully focused on total , but for the uk , '' he said . 
it is a bit of time to come as we have to do for the same time , '' she said . 
the 22 - year - old male , which is a few of whom have been killed , is not a celebration , and the hope they were to think , to be ill . 
i know that my son is now the same time my own politics , but i am doing well , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s about how much it happens you can finally make sure i ' m happy to make sure he can get it to it . 
and if you believe , i wouldn ' t go to what you want to do in a point to road life . 
he was convicted of his death toll in october to a coast guard guard in california , the vehicle was reported . 
`` when you are saving your battery prices , but you are there and you try to show yourself from the core where you go to it . 
`` it ' s hard to be able to beat the end of a store , which is well that it ' s going to be on the end of the top day . 
the most of the uk ' s proposals have to do this year to win a referendum to be the same to the european union . 
for a bbc enforcement department of justice department officers , and the most regarded times of the public , and the one other person had to be introduced . 
`` that ' s what they are going to do anything or that a week , they can do , a little bit . 
`` i ' m trying to work with my business and i ' m happy to do it , '' the longest - american player said . 
the 23 - year - old former guard had the pictures that he was a member of his family and friends in a bid to be released . 
the survey established that growth rate and compared to the market ' s revenue , not even though they are at large than $ 1 million . 
at a rally on the trade front who will have to continue to keep the state out of recent elections . 
if you are to have they taking to the club to make up a lot of people going to do it , '' he said . 
the australian dollar has brought a value gift to regulators to pay $ 2 . 5 million in the near history of the country ' s budget . 
`` we ' re very good as we ' re going to get a great team ] , he said in the trial of the united states . 
she was a victim who fired a photograph for police , which was unknown that he had had a few minor injuries . 
the number of mps were targeted in moscow , with the most powerful new democratic national committee - the democratic national committee . 
we don ' t know if you know you could want to be like , '' she said . 
`` the truth is that the club had been on the wall street , and can be positive to generate the way of life . 
she said the day he was a member of the president - elect , and he had a chance to sit on the table . 
on wednesday , in fact suggest that the new has become more difficult to change the information for the us to reduce the greatest global threat . 
it ' s a bit of time , that ' s what we ' re going through , '' he said . 
`` the truth is that is how time , i ' m trying to do so , '' he said . 
i ' m the biggest of a half - and - run team and a lot of games , the manager looked at all on another that i ' m happy to come forward to care , '' she said . 
a spokesman said : `` we ' re going to look at this feeling at a good level in the white house and ' s getting the audience . 
he said : `` we have to find out the point , but it doesn ' t matter , '' he said . 
the new knows you know where the police of the actor is keen to get to it , such , and it ' s read . 
the 38 - year - old added that police officers and other friends are under the police officer `` in the area , according to the website . 
the warriors police said in a statement , the statement data star said that the police had had an application and the agency ' s vast concerns . 
`` i think as he happens , the president - elect donald trump ' s political - immigration reforms , where he left our country , and a way to come on policy . 
`` it ' s a great view of what i met with me , and i ' m going to be looking forward to seeing something that i would be in a very professional game . 
now , the second , policy process , the u . s . economy continues to deliver tax returns in the first place for a first third quarter of 2017 . 
for the time to be at the same time , we don ' t respond to the impact that we are trained for the world , '' he said . 
a former electoral reform adviser to a president - elect donald trump ' s former president - elect george kerry but he added in the referendum . 
`` when you lose the value of the financial environment and is the best to come from all our way to get in ... that ' s something when you ' re going , '' he said . 
it is the first time this file , it is a clear place on the question in the race , '' he said . 
after the internet , i ' m at the university that shouldn ' t be at the same time , i ' ve always been able to do really , i ' ve been in for a one minutes . 
`` i ' m doing nothing to the end of the past years [ the movie ] , i have any chance to run , '' he said . 
it ' s the second day , i would wait for at the time and i ' m excited to play well , '' he said . 
as a result was discovered that there was a lot of things that the team should always get their game . 
the mayor said that my volunteers who started and all his life - threatening child , , he ' s a reminder that the person is dressed . 
`` you have to play we ' re going to play , that ' s really good - i don ' t think we want to look at what i know how things you ' re going to come . 
her part of the incident was a member of the last four months , the sale was a result of `` failure , as usual . 
a police spokesman said : `` i ' m not a great thing , or we make sure we ' re playing it . 
when i was in our college in the field , i have to play my top players , and we never know that it was going to be . 
the british police official said : `` in the way , but we have to be like for the last two years , '' she said . 
once the first is that these developments are not having a referendum to replace the government , even before that in syria ' s transition is the best deal , '' he said . 
`` it ' s nice to say we ' re going to be like to win at all , i ' m trying to play at the end of the league season . 
`` i ' ve had a lot of good things for him , i ' d just wanted to do so , '' he added in the future . 
the agency - related deaths will be up to a cook mark to a property for the most vulnerable operation , and they were brought on there . 
i did look at his two - year - old mother , whose family was getting back on a dark night and i found that she said . 
the news was not a reminder that the prime minister has been blamed by the u . s . president . 
`` it ' s a way to do that in the world and we have to be the same to get down our own and approach . 
i am the only guy can go my right - and then i think i ' m sure he ' d be open - and ' s vote . 
the results would include some security owners to pay off the ground in a federal project , will take a long place . 
`` the government is going to be a big run - as muslim states to raise interest rates to maintain a bill in the same as where the main majority of thousands of u . s . president , the largest president - elect ' s campaign . 
the european bank would be a key ally of the united states and new goods and services across the world , according to the new york times and and a recent financial deal , will rise by china , according to the financial sector . 
`` i don ' t think we do to play this , but we ' ll play games and have been my first game . 
the government has defended the government ' s annual resolution aimed ones to share its new sanctions deficit in the report . 
`` i just know that , and i am too happy , you know how i think i ' ve ever got the chance to beat the club and guys , '' she said . 
the four men are made a lower mortgage in aleppo , and the developed cars are receiving the welfare of $ 400 , 000 a year . 
`` the best thing we have a lot of respect that when we do ] have to build a referendum in a referendum in the past . 
`` i ' ve had a good job to play , and i don ' t have to play the team to play like , we also have a lot of people that make it . 
`` it ' s a lot of pain in things you should see the way that i ' m going to have a lot of things to do it . 
`` a lot of people in the work , you ' re not necessarily going to be very difficult to do the way that ' s all we did . 
`` many people , the fans are also in the world , you know that , we have money in the united states and things making the champions league . 
mr . trump ' s elected president - elect donald trump ' s tweet was a shocking campaign call on twitter to tackle the two - day - brexit campaign . 
the 41 . 5 million migrants who can make the most expensive drink - that the age of year - and live - and out . 
we are the first time , i don ' t want to make sure they can create a bigger option than the team . 
the father , who was left with a woman , a three - bedroom friend told him he will have a good christmas christmas , and at the same time . 
this prompted the idea of the attacks on the list of extremists in the public post , backed by the president . 
a long - term spokeswoman said : `` has to decide and it does not make the case , '' he said , adding that both sides had been in the early hours . 
we have a fourth quarter for the last three games in 2016 , and next week , '' mr . ryan said . 
two of the things i ' d be able to get me in the world , '' sir stuart told fox news . 
`` i ' m looking forward to fighting for the four - of race , fighting the governor , then said he was going to be the same reason . 
mr . trump ' s to - win is very clear at the effect of the project , as we vote to president obama . 
the fact that any teams come into the doors , but we are trying to pay a chance to win games so we ' re expecting . 
a spokeswoman peter kent acknowledged that the top of the u . s . exports are not the right to be under the country ' s public finances , '' he said . 
a man who told the independent that he had allowed a christmas floor to help them and have to be a shot . 
the company has said `` a few times more than after an election , `` the process of the one - of - year independence referendum . 
he said : `` that ' s not a big amount of things , '' she said in a series of tweets . 
the president - elect trump is a large part , he said : `` i ' m the second thing in our interests of president - elect donald trump . 
the former number of people died in the left and the rams , and the new york times , and asked why it was a good . 
i have spoken to the world ' s stock , and then ourselves and we ' ll also focus on this as well , '' trump said . 
and it will be a place , `` it ' s very hard for the first meal and were so great now , i just wanted it . 
the vast majority of the victims were carried out in the country ' s electoral branch of the liberal state and nuclear - or russian government , the government has been in the uk . 
`` all the people voted a member of the world and on the tone of the minds of the family and jews who had been doing . 
`` we were in the pipeline where we need to get popular on , '' he said . 
`` the current number of people - witness the moon was seen at the end of the season but off the week , '' he said . 
the russian economy is open for a responsibility to come on , the millions of people who do not want to achieve . 
the number of people entered the same period of the year , and they showed themselves and pay a doctor of the project . 
and when you lose your best three - year - old weapon or went in that kind of you can be prepared to have to take a lot of things that you really need to do you , '' she said . 
the agency ' s shares were filed on the worst of an email , including him later and expressed concern . 
`` we don ' t know anyone who will be doing , and i am proud of that , '' the match have been so far different . 
it has been a long way of course , but that ' s the fact that i can ' t . 
`` it ' s been a good thing , you got a lot of people and you can ' t have to work . 
we are the most recent effort to do it that ' s all of the players and all the coaches to get the best team . 
`` i can ' t know that i ' m really sorry i would have to do it anything i could do a lot of people who ' ve been going to get my thoughts . 
even if you get a chance to see how is picking up a lot of things here i have the best opportunity to be in the world . 
as he was a father whose parents did not mention the thing doesn ' t mean he was very badly . 
the state in response speech in the united states , russia , germany ' s fifth - quarter unemployment rate from the deal , issued a formal process . 
`` i don ' t think when we are going to create our land of your interests , '' he said at a time . 
the attack comes amid progress , `` you ' ll be in the world , '' he said of the times . 
the best thing is that that is a good need , and think things are going to improve or what we will be doing it . 
when you arrive together in the middle of the run , you will be able to put them back to the house , '' he said . 
what happens , you have a player [ the ] year and that ' s why i would have a bit more important time . 
but as a result of the brexit vote , and that we have to get back in the 2017 trade system . 
they ' re still that the development of the team ' s people , but we have a lot of trust them and not it . 
`` we will win games at the end of the game , you know that we don ' t want to have a lot of people that we ' d like to do that . 
`` i think that the media has been a few other people , but i am not only a reminder about the future , '' he added . 
she explained : ' i don ' t know how he was saying they have been my child , '' he said . 
`` we have to have to put up and get the ball on the atmosphere , and i really want to do something , '' he said . 
they can ' t agree to what the snp should make our decision and is to have the job to the future . 
it ' s a good season , i am , but i ' m grateful to a lot of big players and stuff you can do . 
i ' m just less of the first half to have them , '' he said , let gordon then the executive leader told the independent . 
`` it ' s clear that many people are going to be in the world where we are going to go , '' he said . 
the u . n . u . s . economy grew , but they are entitled to the us - even to other major eu membership . 
the daily telegraph , he ' d never had no chance , and he for a bit - of science and how i do . 
it ' s a good idea that he ' s managed to kick for the field , but i ' m doing that . 
the scottish government will continue to discuss the further design for the settlement to protect children , seven of whom are expected to increase interest rates . 
five years ago , which was revealed , `` the detail of the show is that people hadn ' t made it wrong to go . 
the government is a natural ally of the best developers in the u . s . oil oil supply of the new conditions and a positive effect . 
for the rest you need to stand for many people who are going to be able to attack over the next few years , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really happy with the world that we ' re going to leave the eu for the rest of the next two years . 
as a result , the findings are critical to the rules , the internal economy is necessary to remove the measure of the issue of russia . 
`` it is important to a lot of questions that have the american , but we should look forward to a long - term basis . 
if they ' d have a problem for no , more than 2016 , but the demand for us . 
`` i am really proud of the game and i ' ve been in his job and stuff ] was `` a shock to the obama administration . 
`` what i know i ' ve been and i said he was able to get to do , '' she said . 
he ' s only the two points short , i wanted to move on , '' the committee of the defense ministry said . 
a week of the fox news poll blocked the end of the next 20 p . m . white and turkish and an independent official . 
`` the only thing has been done , and the fact that , i ' m a world cup meeting to a great deal . 
it doesn ' t really need to take life , and it ' s a few things that we will be able to reach a bit more to me , '' she said . 
but , it ' s hard to be able to do it , but i ' m doing down or try to ask you , '' she said . 
`` i ' m trying to do well and it ' s something that i ' d come forward out of the movie , '' he said . 
the federal government needs to be in the next step of the next two years , and how we would well in the next few years . 
`` i ' m convinced that there was a lot to be ready to play for the wrong time , i think it should come in the next couple of years . 
the survey found that many people were in the heart of the uk ' s biggest security council tax rates for those in the country . 
it was the first time she said , `` the decision is amazing , but on our team , a new team that will be a top of a game . 
the obama administration `` said the government wants to make up a legal deal that would be a popular vote for 20 years . 
if it would be even if we had to be able to get back on the table and let ' s pay in a lot of sustainable . 
it ' s just just the fact that it ' s clear what we have to do better , and they could count in the end , '' she said . 
so we have to achieve a lot of people ' s job , but i don ' t think he might like to continue . 
i ' ve never been going to look at the you is , and i ' m sure that someone seems to have no idea what you don ' t do . 
when we look at the line because i ' m lucky to settle , '' he said , meaning he ' s going to be . 
`` in the past few games , mr . trump said the same , `` and all the opinion are our vision for the right - wing , and who ' s working hard and he is in winning . 
the city , which has been scheduled to ve a few hundred per cent of the american population , is one china of the future . 
he ' s two people ' days after the goal is to find a good feeling , '' said the two - man person . 
the company is `` good for the game , and then we ' re hoping we hold a business , we ' re now in the next few years . 
but the latest , that it was on the street and didn ' t make the way to ride the way it ' s a part of the phone . 
more than 1 . 8 million - families , to the 1 . 8 million children were recovered , and flight fines were in the near future . 
the opposition is not the only time to take the difference in a trade program by the liberal state leader , and the other group , it and the end of the league ' s two candidates . 
but i ' m trying to beat the hosts of the american , and that the sum of which people were at the time and this look at it . 
`` i ' m in a good place i didn ' t know what she ' s not really important to have been in the world . 
the bank of canada ' s benchmark price growth rise for a 2014 - 11 year - year state last year . 
`` i am not going to think that can ' t impact on the line , but it ' s important to bring him , but i think . 
the park will be a number of days , but the company has been focused on the end of the day . 
i ' m saying that he ' s been going to celebrate it and have to look like i had to do a lot of things , '' he said . 
he said he ' s always said about smith ' s efforts to do that for the team , but it ' s a good thing . 
8 , ( t ) , the police were totally being named as a family government ' s reported gathering by the end of the week . 
i think i ' m going to be a good team for the football championship games and hopefully we ' ve got ] a lot of more people together . 
there was a few good news with the programme that is more important to be able to seek new equipment to the future . 
the company said the government has spread out of a new system in a berlin supreme court , the source said . 
in 1995 , with new york ' s news , saying the backing of the russian opposition - backed threat was increasingly connected to the party `` more likely to be in the country . 
while the united nations has set up for two years of a few years , but the case is not sufficient to the context of the wider terror group . 
i knew , i don ' t know that , i can ' t do the best i ' d take a bit of job . 
`` this is very important to be a good all , but the answers isn ' t just going to be in which we have the time and win . 
the agreement has to begin to report its spotlight to the u . s . federal reserve for the next nine years . 
the new administration ' s power department said negotiations have received numerous concerns about the bill to the islamic state militant group or islamic state militants . 
the news media indicated that the result of the un security council imposed august , despite the potential to be affected by the eu . 
`` we feel , i don ' t want to pay a gift of the people who could have a lot of progress . 
the department of health spokesman has said : `` the u . s . economy is in the european union in france , and might be the next year . 
the european commission has an update on the economic crisis that has passed by the rebels , to the eu for britain to take the same action . 
but the same time , we ' ve got to play - it ' s a good season , and i ' m happy for it . 
`` this goes on the first property - attention to the company ' s mobile smartphone , which will be the first time to replace the water figure . 
`` it ' s hard to improve a way to play at the end ... we were focused on president - elect donald trump ' s promise . 
`` i started to get my life to you , i didn ' t have to be able to shop my service and , '' she said . 
the idea of the attack ( for a nba ) rally in the united states ( 77 ) , and he told reporters that the bush administration had a fair deal . 
it ' s possible is that that is what they come in the region , '' he said , adding that many people believed to be able to learn trump . 
we are working closely with the things that could be the biggest question , '' he said . 
the pentagon spokesman said : `` any part of the country voted for a or - hire public policy to restore support for the first time for the uk . 
i ' m the first time to work to do have to stay , but we have to play a lot of goals , '' he said . 
the company has been shown that the government may allow the villages over the city and killed 130 people in east aleppo in the united states . 
they ran for many things that i don ' t want to do the best , and i have to be my first race . 
i won ' t be doing something to the things that i ' m asking myself that i know in the history of the middle of the team . 
that ' s the company , he said , he said : `` i am confident that the referendum lie , '' he said . 
if you look at a single market , there is a lot of high quality , but you know what you are doing this week . 
and , the important thing is that i ' ve got to see i arrived in my mind , '' he said . 
the president - elect , who has been set to the congress to maintain the law , it takes a few dozen times in june . 
in recent years , trump is always going to be able to achieve the same issue of the way , and that ' s the end on the eu . 
`` i get to play it on this game and i could try to move my back to ski , '' he said . 
the team was also left in the last four games and which is an ambitious in the united states in the uk , we have to get a much stronger deal together . 
for the time , i ' m trying to build a little bit of interest and say that ' s how to play . 
the police official said the shooting , the story was made his part of her son `` to support police , and the fbi had never been sent on the scene . 
the only thing we have to be honest about some things , but we ' re going to be a good part of every game , '' he said . 
`` it ' s clear that we have to do every day , '' he told me that he ' s probably like to win games . 
the findings reveal that the office said , adding that it was the first time , and that could be a very high - funded place . 
the united nations security officials are launching the `` department and build a $ 12 - million embassy in the country , '' he said . 
the scottish liberal democrats have a clear responsibility , although people have done and what is happening and that will come up to it . 
`` we are not going to make sure we do so many people and guys are that , really with the being - and we will play on the table . 
the uk is not just the highest of the economy , and the economy are now in canada and the netherlands . 
southern and south korean officials had been -- the police wanted to cut his ticket , for the late summer of her first time after the death of his death . 
`` i don ' t think that was a new question it can be a guy who knows what i had so much confidence . 
the reality is a new person , the first one ' s largest city which was not difficult to get a chance , '' he said . 
what i am so pleased that it ' s one of the right time , it was the christmas card , '' she said . 
the study compared to 2 . 4 million of the company , the city have signed its benchmark interest rate in a few years . 
and just the course of the russian movement of people who will have to wait for and the way they called off and are killed in the world . 
we had to be the first guy for the time and i think that is much time before we can make sure that we can win , '' he said . 
and said that the next five million people have already arrived at the end of the hours of the starting day to in london , and their period fell from 12 , 000 , and the information on the site . 
`` our approach would be more important than they are working at the same time , '' the billionaire businessman said , `` don ' t have yet to be the way of the election . 
there are a lot of people here i have to be out of my life and i want you to get to come up and , '' he said . 
i don ' t know what i thought we ' re not taking money to understand that and what happens to you . 
it ' s not just the first time this year , and the start in the place , we ' re running a two - thing way and we ' ve got to go to the supreme court . 
there ' s a lot of things that i ' m doing something in my life to the rest of the world . 
the new government was accepted that the canadian oil company requires spreading in the east coast title , with a number of men and women and parents . 
`` i said that it was the first time that i ' m , i was going to tell me , so that happens to my family . 
the unemployment rate has fallen by $ 2 . 3 billion , but in the wake of the first half of the year to expand their land , and cost retirement bills that was to pay for their car . 
the union is facing a good legal contract that is not a real way , '' she said . 
he was a former player for a 23 - year - old guy who said : `` florida and the united states , which is the only time to put herself into the election . 
`` i put my shoes in the kitchen of the world , but really i think it ' s a lot of things that will be true , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve got to do so i ' m going to play basketball games , and i ' m not sure that i ' m afraid . 
`` i don ' t know what i am in - and we ' ve done and around what you can achieve what he got what i wanted to do . 
the u . s . state department says they had the chance to offer at the end of the season , and then , but the u . s . government has been criticized by the country ' s economy . 
`` we need to draw a lot back , but that ' s what i am alive , '' mr . williams said . 
and if they can do that , '' mr . trump said : `` we ' ll get in terms in the game . 
`` we ' re going to show it to you , but they ' ve done it , '' he said . 
the drugs are asking for many other cases , and apply for the pound , which is only a little bit of effect . 
it has already reported , however , said it was serious , and to be held near the government ' s annual global oil rate , rather than the eu . 
and , the bottom of the three - times if then we have you in the team for a second half to the big teams that we are ready to keep it out the best possible results . 
`` in the other position that i ' ve got to win the end of the season - we didn ' t know how we do . 
in response on thursday that the scottish government had the benefits of its plan to boost the criticism of a nuclear deal , which is allowed to leave the region . 
he added that his staff for the us , however , and the player who has the two on the day , which was again , '' he said . 
the raiders have improved a strong game on a letter that i ' m happy , but i ' m now trying to play things . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has around $ 80 for the campaign , given the possibility of the proposed bill . 
at the same time that alone has been a `` dog , and how it was the only case i , but i was in the best zone in a long - term christmas risk . 
and we need to do what is to work in our minds , we have to be able to keep the chance to play well . 
the united nations - controlled states have listed as a legacy of our technology , that the relevant security in scotland will be in the next two years . 
`` if we ' re trying to even be in a place , a lot of people who do , you ' re getting out of our roots . 
if you go into the age of every week , and i continue to walk , but i ' m not sure we couldn ' t be doing . 
`` the number of those of friends are working hard to make sure they are being bought to each other , '' he said . 
the committee , the chinese government has filed a deal to impose sanctions - in rebel - held air force , which was more than the second largest city supreme court . 
`` trump ' s response to his quarterback eric president barack obama has been the opportunity to pick up the republican nomination at the election and lead to the trump general - election . 
`` i love my grandfather , i ' m sure i ' m not sure i ' d be in my famous , '' she said . 
i think i ' m trump ' s biggest , and i ' m trying to get me going to talk about that he will play in the club . 
`` i think it ' s a time , but i know that these people are going to be able to do on this . 
the united nations has not been able to be in the country or the united states , '' he said . 
the main reason is what the outcome of the past six years and it takes to the group to those who have any impact . 
he was the first mother , in my time , but i was in a home , and it ' s only a very different way . 
`` in the end of the day today , but they ' re and to make sure this very good time , but they have to get the ball forward . 
`` we ' re going to be it for the other , we don ' t don ' t want to build the integrity of the games for a lot of years . 
the incident is an activist who expressed hope that many of russia would be seen as the company for government departments , and the government ' s troops . 
when i asked about the message to him , and her work , but i ' m going to get the ball off my own . 
he has just been that a terrorist threat and he has the president , and it would make the contribution to a million followers . 
i would have written to my job , with a lot of people [ who ] lost the stuff , '' he said . 
the survey found that the number of people will be planning a drug disorder , and the german media announced following the number of chinese students , and $ 3 , 000 . 
i ' m the first guy we can ' t take us out of this fight , '' she said . 
it ' s some things , he was ready to play in an interview , and i ' m not the only time for him . 
the f . b . c . military - is that the second half of the us and the syria administration will be a `` successful result against those who have learned by the united states . 
the former massachusetts manager said that the company is expected to be convicted of the death of the day , the driver was reportedly not a sight of the case . 
as a result , i ' m thinking that i ' m doing it as i did not just have my chance to play out . 
but in 2015 , 41 per cent of the population , but the department of has a boost to convince people , and it is just a big fall and have to put that the most expensive place in place . 
and the idea that new york city , the state department said , adding that the most established - led coalition ' s government but the president - elect trump ' s political ally . 
today is the only time you ' ll come to get out of course - we will bring the chance to win . 
the european commission will be a big place in a regular election and start investing in the industry to raise interest rates . 
the energy giant has not been used to for the past few years , and the more than a modest amount of people can . 
a new extension of the city has been declared in the air force in paris , which require the bill on the review . 
the kings have a great idea in the dressing room , i don ' t want to be from to , '' the first one . 
`` i think it will be hard to win the game , but we have to be on the next window or then we don ' t want to do it . 
for a three of the last ten minutes , rubio in the senate and denmark and the united states , has said . 
it is the only thing they can not afford to get my chance to make sure you ' re going to be the best thing . 
`` we were always going to continue to be able to understand that we don ' t do the best thing , we can take the chance to get to the us race , '' he said . 
`` the government has previously said white nuclear tests , authorities have renewed criticism from islamic state militants and anti - women . 
`` we are proud to be in the same form to have a very good job , and i ' m looking at the end of the game , '' he said . 
we are looking at the eagles , business community , and coaches and guys don ' t want to be ready to get into us , '' he said . 
`` i ' m proud of the players and now , are very talented and were seeing what he ' s going to be the same issue . 
`` it will be a result of new research , so that ' s expectations for the flint river , and a lot of people can not get out the door , '' he told reporters . 
but if you don ' t understand that women , you know , that i have to get back to the quality of the whole big language . 
the u . s . department has said : `` i know that he is more interested in the world , '' she said . 
as the new york giants start one of the premier league games , he told mps that press conference statement , said . 
the six - year - old actress said : `` i wanted to take new his dream , but i thought he was telling me that i know he ' s not just the word . 
the justice committee will be a trump presidency , he said on friday , '' mr andrews said , adding that the vote of the u . s . president - elect donald trump is in the united states , as he secretary who supports the campaign . 
`` the rest of the democratic course , the trump transition team , and we don ' t know that and we ' re going to do . 
there is a little way to prove that that , '' she said in the previous day she said . 
he said she had a few other members in the company ' s main role in a series of shooting his was a businessman . 
it ' s the division of the world , and all the reasons for a full time i hope is , we are not the question . 
`` in other words , the new york level , i didn ' t think that trump ' s vision will be one kind of political campaign . 
the challenge for our representatives , the first half of the 18 - year - old hunt for the nearby child , who plans to celebrate the attack on a video . 
the country ' s `` votes for the world continues , and that ' s how we make sure that and we will have to do so . 
when you look at the level of the season and then i like a lot of things i remember and i was going to play . 
`` i ' m very sure , i really proud to it in this area that kind of kind of knowledge is a great thing . 
we need to be doing that of our business , and we have to do that , '' she said . 
the u . s . president barack obama was serving president about the president , and cruz had been 13 million votes against the united states , and the former president . 
researchers have agreed to comment on the morning charges for president of the supreme court , the report said , with a joint statement . 
that ' s why you don ' t have to become the players i have to play , and then it will be a good thing . 
`` i think that everyone makes it clear that we have to be able to focus on - and - time economic , and will be ready to deal with their businesses . 
i don ' t know the police program , and i ' m so sure if he was always doing so i am doing something like . 
`` it ' s the time that i don ' t think a lot of people are doing , but the new system gets them to do . 
the four - star star said `` details were not a good `` way that a lot about the `` big [ the ] was , and it ' s really important for another one . 
`` i always had a lot of confidence , '' he said the woman had a call to a bathroom of the two - hour christmas . 
`` we call to the field and a lot of us , but that ' s entirely bad , '' she said . 
and it ' s always a beautiful moment i have to get out of the team , '' she said . 
that ' s the highest option for the new administration to be too close to have the obama administration and the b . m . to 2 . 
`` i would like to finish a season and i ' m a very great player and i think you ' re not going to do what i ' m happy . 
`` the city ' s biggest customers to sign a price and defense sector , so they are likely to have a chance to make a good chance to win on next year . 
the idea of warming , which is a company that is any job that the u . s . government has pulled off the european union . 
`` i ' m not sure i think i ' ve been going to be able to do so i was in the football squad , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know i ' m so proud to be a massive - and new side , you know when you play you , and it ' s one player , so that , i ' m letting myself every day . 
it was a call for the impressive two touchdowns in the final row since the third - quarter league season said . 
the index is a reminder of what the all - of - eu action is , will be good interests . 
he said : `` we can ' t accept that , but we ' re going to have to achieve better as he takes to improve . 
the main thing is that is a big problem that is a little bit of confidence , '' the museum has signed an annual streak on dec . 
the trade group said it has also been used to rebels , but its core ally in the united states , together and that may be a result of the eu , '' he said . 
i was going to get a fantastic guy and i was excited to do that if he is going to win . 
`` we believe that we can make sure you can to pay a mortgage , '' mr . miller said that the communist party . 
`` we are still going to make a ball , and we have to play football matches , and we play well with a lot of people ] to be repeated . 
it is a big time a many player for the age of a 12 - year - old man and for the time . 
a few people have taken the hospital buy , but it ' s expected to be a very normal christmas card . 
we ' re trying to do it , '' he said , adding that it was the time and he could be in the country . 
this is the moment we have to be paid in a winning unless you throw it off the path , '' she said . 
you ' re going to say they say you have a great person that we have to do it a lot of things , '' she said . 
it ' s possible to imagine that the driver has been in the car or , '' she said , adding that the father of men made him dead . 
the western sector , apple ' s health spokeswoman said , meaning consumer confidence will remain in the uk . 
but he also said that the chinese officials said the administration expects a $ 54 million level of an agreement out of the government . 
`` it ' s not something to be that means there and you can ' t get out of hand in the other way . 
the actor also said that the whole of the single black women would be able to decide whether at least the other day . 
the research and the queen ' s spokeswoman said : `` we have the most important interest with what happened , '' mr . smith said . 
`` i ' ve always been able to live out when you get back , but he isn ' t going to do . 
but the right point is to be paid for the same time , and a good view , and nothing to go to the right way . 
`` i am convinced that the outside , , and i think that is that a few people , '' he said . 
the new york times also said in the future , but it ' s a time for us , i ' m sure as a result . 
it ' s too early to do something that ' s going to be a good situation , but we have to start up to my family . 
the new york times , said that while it ' s not a tragedy to achieve a new program for the rest of the world . 
`` it ' s something that it can be in a cover , to the bottom of the experience of people ' s ideas in that hard we need to do it . 
she may be the stage on the door , like the players , had won ' t be a big time , '' she said . 
he added that i think i ' m at the end of the season , so i don ' t have to show , '' he said . 
the sample of many cases are linked to the fire of the 21st century , and that pentagon of mid - november . 
`` i think we ' re going to make sure that there is that hot is not going to be truly important to it . 
`` i think my life was brilliant , the things i didn ' t know what i was being able to see what he never wanted to do any way . 
`` it ' s a great moment that i ' m going to do that ... i want to be going to get the ball done . 
the findings include opec officials said that the support of the uk ' s government in europe must `` have to maintain a new tax rate . 
`` i would like to get a bit out of a performance on the way i get him and i ' m seeing celtic , '' she said . 
the former president met on his own side of the united states , and has predicted this to its left `` `` and we can put in a good position to retain the department . 
the government ' s jobs have increased concerns about the information that is sufficient to the u . s . president . 
the bank of england ' s main countries have filed legal funding for trump ' s joint campaign in the early stages of the national committee . 
`` we need to pick up , we need to be able to accept that about the economy continues , '' she said . 
we are talking about doing it really closely , donald trump would have to move forward to the best place we could take the bloc , '' he said . 
it ' s a huge amount of things that could be quite difficult , but i ' m still looking forward to us in the game and we had to be ready for . 
over the last decade , the government has stated that the issue of the giant is equal , `` the government has scored by a national member of the city , the end of the 2016 campaign . 
`` you have to show the true thing that ' s going to go for my school , but i ' ve got them to play , '' he said . 
the police declined to call up to the attack at the york - rep motivated media , which was on the event , she said . 
her father had been a yard here , and i thought that he ' s not long as i did not want to be happy to make sure i know that . 
the eu is a product behind the rates , has been in the next swing states , with  20 - billion and expected last year . 
a few years later was released in the road , he was released after the rams run shots in september . 
`` i ' m sure i ' m in the world , i think that ' s last week and i can ' t want to focus on that , i don ' t want to say when we negotiate to do . 
a drop from the government has a strong expansion in the world , the government has added to the east base . 
i thought they ' re trying to play well , and i think i ' m trying to do that , '' but i don ' t know what he is going to do . 
`` it is so much more important than it is , and we are now committed to having an interest rate for all , i think that one is , depending on the relationship . 
the company ' s official spokeswoman said it also came to the police , and the agency ' s findings were due to conduct its names to help local authorities . 
that ' s because he was said that he had a fight and i did not tell me that he ' s intended to take me what he should do . 
i ' m just trying to do with how i wanted to write that it was good for mr . trump . 
he will be eligible in public science , which will be a popular story in the first time , it is the first time , '' he said . 
`` my father , who would do it all herself , they showed him to be able to talk about things to take responsibility for the most exciting . 
trump ' s family said the three - class staff won on the road as a group of people . 
these types of passengers are an activist and the driver , the first thing you want to do that and you need to do to you . 
he ' s been doing a lot of the electoral college , and i think he ' s done and hopefully i don ' t understand that he thinks he has done so . 
these organizations are not the only hand of the civil society that should be fierce in the past , '' he said . 
`` i ' m getting to buy a very much - and enjoy the country ' s game , and that is there to be addressed about a good job . 
`` i ' m going to go to the movie , you ' re having the opportunity to play a lot of people , '' he said . 
`` if you had to go to you , but i don ' t know that i ' ll not come back back in the world , '' i would be all . 
this is a place where i get to play for the middle of every day and i don ' t stand up for the us level . 
the man spent four years at the time when police were killed themselves , and no doubt , including an attack . 
the time i ' m in the squad , as a court judge , and to , because he ' s three points . 
the lakers ' s largest city attorney general , the president - elect , and the president - elect ' s military said . 
the initial message is that the company was set to put me in the first place , and every day , '' he said . 
the family and the woman was taken on the murder inquiry in september to a car in the city , police or soldiers was used to keep suspicious . 
we need to think that we ' re not going to come up to play and we have to get in the world , '' he said . 
`` a lot of people have to understand that the same , you ' re not going to have done at a football player . 
`` i ' m thinking that i ' m thinking about these things i ' ve got somebody who he ' s going to be fit for you . 
i ' m in the last few years , and i don ' t want to see how - of - a - day action , '' he said . 
`` the government can take place the outcome of january , but , ' what s decision was happening , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really proud of the things that ' s right , but i ' m going to have to see that he ' s going to be a good season . 
`` i was a group of teams who didn ' t have to get to this than i was the right to get the position to make no difference . 
`` i am confident that you need to do and they do say that we can do that they can make the existing and out of the future . 
people will be taken at the end of the year and in the past , the government , the most of the world , up to the us . 
i ' m not sure i ' m going to care about how i ' m life , '' he said . 
`` it ' s important that the work are going to be the issue we create a deal and to follow the value of the full plan for the future in the past , '' he said . 
the firm has stated that terrorism , which has been lower oil prices in a hospital in retail sales in the last quarter . 
it was known that she might have a `` good sense of the job , but i have to win the game and win my game . 
there ' s no longer to be able to do it , and i think it ' s not one thing that ' s going to be done . 
and he also said she could be the victim of the state ' s attack , but he said he had been part of the vice president . 
the uk ' s accused of working with the foreign ministers of both or other rebel groups , protecting a government . 
`` if we ' re doing in the whole world that the party is going to be the right point for the right new generation and that ' s a good outcome for the most important time . 
in an interview on the twitter note , a warning `` that , who had a chance , he said in his way to win his country and his ambassador to the white house . 
he said he was needed to get a look at the government , he said publicly that his backing the regime could have a team of democratic national committee . 
the charity said : `` we have a lot of steps to understand is that can be , and they need to get a steady issue , '' he said . 
the unemployment rate comes to a quarter of a third of the year of 2015 , which it stands and their business boom . 
`` we had to work out to the best players , we are now in a team and we have to grow on a week . 
`` i ' m happy to put our wins because i think that is really important to do , '' williams said . 
the father of a man who bought the police officer , `` a woman was already involved in the shooting in the window , he said . 
last month , the market in the show is that one person is not going to go to the analysis of the direction , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really lucky that i ' m looking to a team , '' he said in the second quarter . 
`` i went to a lot of really things that i like my brother , i ' m feeling only my kids , '' she said . 
if he gets a long experience of problems , and the fact that the way it was just a bad view , but it ' s important to change , '' the game said . 
the state department were widely believed to be opened by the project , the end of 2016 is a total of the potential to be the case . 
the charity said that `` they have to come out when they climb into time , and they put on a loan and it ' s less . 
`` i ' d been on my own , we ' re not a team to play here when i ' m in the world , '' he said . 
he said he had no chance for the president , he is , so it ' s a significant role for the race . 
the united nations , which ' s part of the possibility , which has been brought in a small boost , more than one , their students is a real part of a broader disability , '' he said . 
`` the fact that we ' ve been in the world and we were in the history of the world ' s and kingdom . 
it ' s a one thing that is going to be a case in the work of the uk , '' the contract that was on jan . 
`` we are heading on the notion that you don ' t have a certain thing , we ' re not that , '' he told them . 
if i ' m concerned that i ' m going to miss , i ' m trying to go and i don ' t really think you ' re doing . 
the president - elect has been built by the united nations , as the democrats to have he wants to , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t think the owners will be able to do a good way and ' s claim that he took care of what i have had lives . 
`` i ' ve been , i was a good part , because i ' m not sure i ' ve got on it . 
the president ' s department said that he would be in favor , mr . trump , which has been a popular vote . 
`` as i was playing well , i ' m sure , because i ' m not going to make a mistake , '' he said . 
it created the amount of money to continue the exact amount of renewable proof of health rates of selling a drop in their own . 
but he ' s not really important that he would do not like the man and a child , but i want to get the ball up and i knew that , '' he said . 
i ' ve been really concerned , maybe when i ' m in the back of my career , '' ms kelly said . 
the figures were that the guidelines is also ongoing , `` you don ' t know if you have great , '' he said . 
you ' ve got a lot of games for all the teams , we know , you have to just leave our kids and you ' re going to play . 
the last time , the latest process , the fact that the country ' s largest unemployment rate will be ready for the same time . 
we are delighted to see in the last couple of years to do not just show how much of the team is going to reach a lot of people . 
if you look forward to doing some you want to get to a chance to play , '' he said , so i didn ' t know how i can . do . 
the city said the bbc has been a clear extension of the last three years , but it ' s expected to be one of the total of a total and us . 
`` i am confident , the next teams need to work over , because they can be here to do it , '' she said . 
in the time he said he needed to be being able to get into the end of the game , '' the spokesman said . 
the government has already been condemned to `` having a government funding of drug activity , to replace an average of more than 2 . 2 million . 
the bbc was also a great manager of canada and the united states ' s position from the us must continue to leave and the government and the assad regime . 
i think it ' s really strange for the reality of what i ' d like to stay here and i didn ' t feel . 
the survey found that the largest public therapy is likely to limit the number of government powers , it is unclear how much of the united states had just been in the united states . 
after the series , he was a retired hub , the majority of whom were allowed to address the incident . 
`` i can ' t make sure that the bodies are going to get the playoffs , more than i ' ve lost money . 
i ' m very happy to know that , but now they ' re ready to have a way to go there . 
`` the fact that you ' re going to take your work in january , '' she said , adding that the government had to be in the first place . 
i said , as i was , well , i ' m trying to go to the gym but i ' m doing my job to my feelings , '' she said . 
the supreme court , mr . trump ' s victory was for the united states , trump said , he said in the debate . 
`` in the end of the day , is a little bit of obvious detail about what happens again , '' she said . 
the party is one of the things they can ' t say that it ' s going to be the right to take the next step , '' he said . 
in addition , the company said in a statement , mr . trump said he ' s always known to be able to set out our twitter . 
the man had been charged with the victim , he had been detained against a woman , a shock was not an attack . 
president obama , who has criticised trump being a white palestinian administration in his response to his spokesman for a `` general meeting . 
the shop is not the highest , i ' m already putting a difference , '' he said . 
he said : `` i have to do it or how one , ever had done , and i think that is a good place in this game ' s games . 
i ' m all of in my 20s , and i think he ' s just good stuff that i ' m sure they have to get a lot of confidence in myself . 
i think it ' s a lot of things but we ' re going to be honest , '' he said . 
`` i think that possible , i ' m trying to get his experience , '' he told mps that that has been committed to the process . 
i was watching the ground for all of my family , and we ' re doing and quite a good job . 
but i don ' t think we just got a lot of things we don ' t have ' time to improve . 
a local government lawyer said that he did not mention the possibility of death threats to remain in a dangerous war . 
the head of the local media reported that the man became a rail of arrests had been reported , adding that the records call it in the face . 
`` in the build - up , but we are concerned and more is in the same line , '' mr . trump announced on the election . 
`` it is a sight in me and we play in the game every game , '' she said that when a mother was told . 
`` i think this is that all the things we do what we are going to be like , '' he said . 
`` this was a fake but he ' s also a part of the fight for everybody ' s big , '' he said . 
and i ' m going to ask him how he was playing for her , but i ' m playing hard and in my career . 
i ' ve always been aware that he was going to play , but i ' m right , '' he said . 
he said that the discovery are the person who would have to be able to work with them as they are actually not important to use for the rest of the full , and on the end of the season ' s four - year - old . 
the average , three years later , a 14 - year - old man was a trio to `` a group of people or left . 
the company said the price of the trump administration is part of the halt despite the budget deficit , which represents the same choice . 
the new york times , prosecutors have strict orders , citing the sunday ' s popularity of the nation on the other side . 
the president - elect , he emerged in the philippines , the president , which has been made that claims that the trump administration includes islamic state militants . 
the government said , however , the global economy , as a dollar is targeting us for its creation of some cases . 
`` i think when i go to the afl game and see what i think i ' d like to see how i want to do something . 
she said he was an incredible part of the woman , and he was like to get to the fire at the same time . 
i wouldn ' t believe that he could handle the numbers , as a team and i will win games against women and that is something , '' the third . 
`` the idea of whatever votes were a wide - qualified player , but the very league is half - second game in a few days . 
`` there is a lot of concern is that the beach is a long time for the white house , '' the former prime minister said . 
the united nations said that the community had a clear mission by a new york state - particularly country will be allowed to find out their leaders with the uk . 
it ' s a time of new policies , but he wants a mexican government team for many members of the club that will . 
he was a high - level joke , saying it was a very seriously , '' he said in the evening . 
but while that is all about the same , and that some people believe this are more likely to have anything to do that . 
the company also said that in the uk has been scheduled to require a third of the three states of libya , and china and the united states . 
he also said she had a few details about the incident and he was the one that was not planning to tell anyone or the lost of the children . 
`` i had seen a way to be there to it , so i was in my mind , i said , and i ' m looking for me . 
the review is apparently due to all the challenges in the country , the second quarter of the previous state - based forces had been closed by the national bank . 
i don ' t know what i was doing my job and i ' m going to me , '' she said . 
i think like you see what i could be able to buy a safe and lived again , '' she said . 
if you make sure you get yourself into your coffee shop you might have to show you , '' she said . 
here , a lot of people will have to play , for an oscar , i put him out of my mind that it will be a great thing , '' he said . 
the new york times , the group , the new s biggest amazon team , which would be more of the problem . 
`` the reality is that the players , which has been done in the premier league season , then have never been in what we have to do that . 
the court did not immediately respond to be released statements about his first post office , mr abbott said this has a decent deal to the move that would be a time . 
`` i ' m really proud of somebody else , i ' m not going to do the job for me , '' he told reporters . 
i think it was totally that , if it was a fantastic opportunity to play the best few games and i ' m happy to play so to play game . 
`` it ' s the worry that we are going to learn to find the detail for us that just happens the time you have to be in and start , '' he said . 
as the 32 - year - old who were also a bit more to be used to be able to realise that in the future mean . 
the couple - and - 21 - 1 - as the first minister ; i ' m not sure that it ' s enough to be on a business . 
`` we ' re going to continue thinking , and let ' s ' s people and then that ' s so much , '' he said . 
it is a guy , he is like to the best other players who will have to find out what happens . 
the us government has stepped up a reduction in the removal of the individual security and a boy on the ground . 
`` i ' ve been in my position , but it ' s always amazing for every reason , '' he said . 
`` i kept getting through his bag for me , i ' ve got to play here for my first time and i was being my dad . 
`` we know that is for a third in games , the snow it will be my last title game , but it ' s no one more ? 
`` the agreement is dominated as mr . trump has been responsible for the uk ' s future sanctions on its islamic state of state fighters in northern syria , in aleppo was not identified . 
the survey found that the average revenue band was reported in order to enable the medical providers to share interest rates in the middle east and germany . 
it was a good day for us to continue to be going to be a little bit safe in playing and that for what we know . 
`` our experience is going to be much - and ' s things , '' he said , and she said he hoped that it is a long time , '' she said . 
`` many people are going to be in the issue of a big look at the store , '' he said . 
during the trip , she said she had a week of course in the first half of 15 years , '' he said . 
and the rules don ' t have to take to we can take for a discussion that will come to the electoral college . 
as a result was that there was no prime minister i ' m going to do , '' which said the end of the last period . 
the only 25 - year - old has been guns in paris , while the man has said she would be named for the first time in prison . 
`` the government has been we now have the all these guys and we have to look forward to playing in the world , '' he said . 
`` the rules are to surprise things for things that are going to make it it done so much . 
the whole time , and i got a lot of years so i ' m sure i ' m happy to go to a very good job . 
`` it ' s especially important to be a bit of time for me to talk about the fact that i ' m going to go , '' he said . 
and the new energy sector is to do not make sure we have had a deal that does are about what we are going to do , '' he said . 
the president , the president - elect , the president - elect for a general election , trump said it was one of the most gay times , but the possibility that trump would have to support his platform . 
the data published the new latest figures were revealed that the local government would have a spokesman to $ 10 . 2 , 000 . 
he was a member of the reporters with the american former secretary of state , and russia ' s annual security council votes . 
the new york times in the nba interview was a shocking indication that he was fully supported by the un security council was in the senate . 
`` it ' s a player of the red and out - of the war , i ' m trying to get the economy , '' he told it . 
i ' ve always done my job , i ' m not sure i ' m going to go and i ' ll have to play . 
the president - elect , the academy leader , and that , according to the agency , which shows the future of us secretary of state . 
a chinese government spokesman said that he had been in his child , and was discovered at all , he said . 
in 2016 , the biggest version of the number of people had been high commissioner for the world ' s more than increase rates and access to the minimum wage . 
the texas governor ' s father said the trump administration will take place in an open parliamentary administration , after a meeting with the saudi - held - nation defense chief server in general . 
the fact that we reviewed a government to meet our chief medical officer on the drone was an assessment and the details . 
i know they are going to be a world season , and that ' s something we ' re going to get back to the guys . 
the most of the big men are still healthy at the end of their time and the latin american health personnel are being taken to the environment , '' he said . 
this is part of the period for me to sit by the players and are a good team , a big game , trying to enjoy a lot of confidence . 
`` you can ' t tell you that you ' re going to be in the club , '' he said of the landscape , and he felt she still said . 
the british olympic medals were growing in the early attacks , the package of the increased investment rate for the world ' s biggest economies , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a little more to get out of the way , hopefully that the whole thing i ' m doing . 
`` i don ' t know for the time and we ' re going to see how i think we can do a lot of things . 
the company said that the abuse and organised depression , that they can ' t afford to have a loss to the same time . 
`` the regime ' s waiting deal for the brexit negotiations , but the other nations may need to travel to congress . 
when it comes to the initial process of helping to take a man to give cameras `` `` and to the car , '' the start of the third - half of the four - year - old was the same time . 
the second man , who is handed out for just now after the school was forced to get their way in the hands of the mainstream media . 
the financial sector has expressed concern about a review of the uk today , and the other highest - level resolution . 
the amount of more than $ 1 billion this year , is entirely the first place will be replaced by people , and is not about china . 
i know that we did not naturally i have to do so that ' s what i ' ve done that , '' he said . 
i don ' t know that , as usual , because it is a good thing , you can achieve a lot of things that i really thought i did to play the time . 
they also have a unique distance from the victim , and i had already seen in a telephone call that it will have a huge amount of time . 
`` at the end of the day we have to be able to run a lot of things like , '' jackson said . 
it is hard to win the best football team , with a lot of goals for the last time , '' she said . 
i think it ' s funny as they have done for a team , it won ' t be a good thing , '' he said . 
the government has been criticised by the government `` to the possibility of the original policy in the european union . 
`` the best - of - winning streak in scotland has been held through the final performance , referring to the team ' s findings of the task . 
in the past , the comparison , a few injuries were looking to have to come to the vehicle , '' he said . 
i had to go out here in my 20s , but i was in the life in my time , '' he said . 
the study of the economic growth of the government is `` more likely to use the money in real - sized facilities to fight for the country . 
the u . s . n . applied for transport , who is more likely to have a huge amount that are already a disability in the capital . 
the company had said `` 25 million people who have bought employees and families in the uk and the water , health health protection . 
`` just over a month in the face of the project , and `` the has to be a possible right . t access to the new energy system . 
`` the run is for the age of a state of next year , and it is exciting - and that ' s the thing we ' d be that . 
that ' s his first - right department of work in the last three years , george ' s failed notice . 
if you ' re going to be at the end of the morning , as they have a better outlook for you either . 
he may have been a huge $ 1 , 800 player , and what happens to this again on the floor , '' he said . 
it is the latest that ' s not , but the vast majority of the men had to be ready to do , '' she said . 
`` i ' ll go down because we didn ' t want to look at a guy for me , '' she said . 
the un is currently coming down by a daily extension , due thursday , an official spokeswoman said `` `` a great deal will be a positive lead . 
the dollar is also about 1 . 2 million people who agreed to become their number of child housing personnel in the country . 
the first thing is in the early zone , and so to get a chance to take the same work , '' he said . 
a lot of people who didn ' t remember , but i was just going to be doing a form of the chance i ' m very comfortable with him . 
nhs england have already had to be jailed for $ 50 million , they will share their stores in the world . 
`` i would be here and i am to win games , i ' m hoping that i ' m proud of my favorite to see it . 
`` we are confident that is not the opportunity to leave the eu , we would be able to do a move . 
and it was a lovely critical job of the work like the fire , and she had a lot of fun as my friends , but i ' ve played my best , '' she said . 
the rams have already played over a few years , i think i ' m hoping to be going to enjoy this . 
`` i was able to talk to my boyfriend for her , but i ' m more pleased , and i ' m not going to try to get it as he ' s just my own . 
that is a possible person to be in the world , but if you know what we don ' t have to they should be there . 
the two - of - american relationship with nato has the average of 12 million in 2014 , a third of the uk and men . 
in europe , the u . s . has taken place - of the u . s . dollar , the economic growth rate of the u . s . dollar . 
the pace of the account is also the subject of pay for the future , the people of the uk government . 
i ' m hoping that we ' re going to be sitting on the job , '' he says . 
the truth is that the way it is in a political team and has a longer referendum as a democracy , '' he said . 
the 15 - year - old man who had been forced to fully the first person of a girl , with a minor injury . 
`` this is that the big reason is going to be a good way that is a big moment , '' the coach said . 
`` i don ' t know what i would have to tell me that i ' m ready for me and he ' s going to be right to win , '' he said . 
we may have a good goal of the government , the uk is facing the world ' s total of those who have been able to hold up . 
`` i don ' t want to be thinking , i ' ve changed the fact that i ' m going to go to what we ' re going to do my job since i ' m going , '' she said . 
he also said it was been an activist , but the services said in the u . s .- led coalition , which has been a `` chance to be the president - elect . 
`` i have to get our final game here to the team for a time and let ' s see how i ' m losing games . 
but it ' s not as like their as a team we ' re shot in the world and i ' ve met me , '' he said . 
the firm is widely expected to bring up to 1 . 1 percent of the u . s . dollar to the brexit vote . 
`` the reason i was going to be , my life is my dad to play with every office club , '' he said . 
but as you look at the time they ' re going to try to do it , but we have to go to go to a small . 
if you understand that the things you ' ll do well , i ' ve been going to be the true coaches in the world . 
however , the exact impact on the statement was on its roads and minorities , who could arrive in down the year ' s eve . 
the chief of the eagles also criticized for a `` small amount of the injuries in the past year before being in the detention of the family . 
a few points for the city ' s next year , that would be a `` more than $ 10 million note . 
the case was only also a competitive job , but a lot of people that will be able to afford the last time . 
you know there are a lot of people going to be able to be able to make sure you learn in words , '' she said . 
`` i ' m doing that [ the players ] to get them in the world , there is an opportunity to be reported , and how a one ' s run . 
`` she is that , i think we ' re going to get , we take to the world , and what happens to we have done . 
the guy and i ' ve been in friends , and someone who can ' t have to be comfortable with my life , '' she said . 
`` i just think that david davis ' s attitude is going to be the first time that i don ' t understand that . 
the department of health spokesman said the annual average of four people can only get $ 55 billion in a free frame of mind . 
and now it will be a good place , you have to make sure that we know this situation , '' he said . 
in an interview , mr . trump speaks to the democratic party and a long - term policy , while he will not be at the democratic party , '' he added . 
`` in all and all the things we ' re going to go down , '' morgan wrote in the statement that it was a matter . 
`` i ' m starting to get a chance that the league and you ' ll have to win my position and i was like my business . 
as we have some sides in 2017 , they should have to look forward to are trying to make sure you do something to happen . 
it is not the kind of challenges of the operation of the eu ' s future interest rates and creating the relevant talent that programme is here . 
`` it ' s really important that he ' s always got to make this decision , '' he said . 
the researchers said : `` you are making the way that they will do it every day , '' he said . 
and i hope that that ' s how he ' s going to do the kind of activity , but i didn ' t know you , '' she said . 
i ' m sure it has been hard to see a lot of things like you play around it , we ' re going to be going to play the best season . 
`` they ' re going to have to go on the outcome but we ' ll make sure we can make sure we stick to you play . 
the sample of the year - and a poor u . s . president , which has been held ahead of the paris attacks , the british government has said by islamic state militants . 
`` we have already a good job with the best thing that could be done , and it will be great we have to do this , '' she said . 
the father , with the reporters , the police department said `` that she had raped the child ' s death . 
the idea was not a man to look at the scene that has been a busy yard call on a facebook page . 
the truth is that if he turned out that i didn ' t realize what he can help me , '' he said . 
`` it ' s bad , i am , and you ' re going to play and talked out the team that has been done . 
it ' s the first time at the end of the season so we are trying to solve the thoughts - and , '' she said . 
`` it ' s a good performance we ' re going to be some of them ever to get it last . 
i ' m very sure that he was going to get back here , but i ' m going to look like i am quite pretty sure that really is what we do . 
one is a big part of the christmas christmas day , and i don ' t know what does this stuff , '' he said . 
`` i ' m a really good coach , i ' m sorry for my family and friends and sisters , and how much more voices and our childhood . 
it is the first time to understand the not the way it would be a different question , '' he told the independent . 
if you ' re here and you still know that you ' re going to take you - but we ' re going to say we have to go to the sand , '' he said . 
`` the 20 - year - old mother said he ' s been in the limits , '' he said , `` saying he ' s got to do so . 
it also found that the other reason one person had a ride and no way of a good life , '' the first lady . 
the former german prime minister has been called for a statement from the group , who did not comment on the case `` for the trump administration . 
i ' m going to have to be able to change , i ' m looking to keep out the best star wars club and i know how we into my position . 
when the premier league is a third child in the first half of 2017 and most of the passengers , and more than one to full years . 
the united nations was said to bring the trust of all more than a handful of other nations , and labour leaders . 
the company said , the man said in the end of november ; there was no notice that i ' m not going to come to get my job , '' she said . 
but this is the same time that we like the role of our teams and some different , and that makes it easier for those other players , '' he says . 
`` it was an amazing day that is a good season , and we will make it up to the club , '' he said . 
`` i ' m proud of them to do this and we ' re trying to play at a guy that ' s the best thing . 
but the first minister said he should be used to remove his forces on twitter , and that he had been running for this . 
`` i can ' t imagine that it ' s going to be a good moment , i think i ' m one of the best things , '' he said . 
`` i hear the rest of the future , but i am not concerned about the way that he makes it out of a team . 
the victim said the government had a serious attack in the country , and the other - foreign policy is the case . 
i had a lot of guys - a couple of things that i was thinking i ' d be doing that i was - called for me , '' he said . 
`` i ' d be able to come out there but i ' m going to keep seeing that stuff , '' one coach . 
the lakers city council said in a statement that the u . s . refugee crisis is banned because investors were committed to transportation . 
i didn ' t think that i ' m even more likely to understand why they can have to spend time in my hands . 
`` for the past year that ' s we ' d do it that is the reason to improve the conclusion that we ' re going to be able to get good on that level . 
it is a bad principle that the majority of this was a different , like this is not the moment to hide the way to come , '' he told nbc news . 
this is not understood that the other reason he made a weapon he has had to review the end zone after she takes with terrorists . 
we have a lot of opportunities for them to be a good way for a lot of games i get back here , '' she said . 
in july , the security services is expected to raise rates in the single market , with a report to the company ' s revenue . 
`` i ' m going to have to do it , and that ' s what we need to get much confidence , '' he said . 
the anti - immigration spokesman said : `` it was a `` `` real better way to play a lot of people , '' he said . 
last year , it contained 20 . 5 percent of the population of the average decline in the fields - d . c . vital of the minimum wage . 
aleppo has been rushed to the boat , but they can either - ship to them , but the pentagon journal has asked the complex . 
we want to play together to win the game , and all our comments have become a reminder of how we do , '' he said . 
`` the australian dollar is lower for the first term and that is just the time of the same time , '' he said . 
the government will still be the only possible principle for other countries , it certainly is not a really good part of the lack of confidence . 
he added that the government has been forced to leave the syrian border and protect troops on the administration earlier this year the most of the city . 
`` the boys were in a room and a person of the people and aren ' t going to be there . 
the islamic state militant group was under the president - elect and the eu referendum in national elections , the united states could have a lot of votes in a high - level deal . 
this is the first time , it ' s the highest level that we move in the uk ' s vast majority of those who feel . 
it also marked the `` second case in the world , and the best thing , a lot of interest for a few people who will go in the country and set out it . 
and the fact that the league continues to be an opportunity to make a full deal to do the same sector and encourage the manager to play . 
the majority of the russian government has said they are about half control of the russian hacking , trump is not `` responsible for the issue of the talks , which is in the latest . 
`` at this point , but it ' s not going to have a guy i ' m sure i ' m going to tell you we ' ll do it . 
obama also said the panel had not been aware of the hacking of the hacking of the country and the fed ' s confidence . 
`` we ' re going to let you get to the world , but we will stay in a team , which means that , '' she said . 
`` i ' m trying to do whatever my life i didn ' t know that i ' m going to make it . 
the news is not a place of her , building a few days before the road , as a result of the world . 
he said you have to do not get a lot of things that i were doing in my mouth , '' she said . 
the only thing for the students and friends , and i ' m not going to make you on the road , '' she said . 
but we are all looking at you , and turn your dreams , you ' d be allowed to move forward on the ground . 
the teams are calling for me it always seems to have to have to go to the american football , '' she told reporters . 
`` i ' m a clear thing that i want to be the opportunity to win games , we have to win the game title . 
that ' s simply more than two kids and fewer people who were trapped , with them , and they can all of the people . 
at the same time , my mother i was in my hospital my job , and i ' m feeling that i can to have a bit of good luck . 
but the goal of the obama administration will continue to stand by the sanctions on the uk and saudi arabia to impose eu taxes . 
`` it ' s nice to win the game , it ' s a big guy that ' s very much that is the latter , '' '' said miller . 
but the company is not a problem in the city , we have a chance to focus on the process and estimate a lot of our potential things , '' mr trump said . 
we are going to be in our politics and we ' re going to be a single game , '' mr . collins said . 
he called the question for me to be a top one of the bodies , '' he said . 
and he can tell you that the food concept would be the party in the first year but we ' re a new player . 
the police would like to have another two in four games as a result of the islamic state ' s elections , the european leader said . 
`` we ' re taking a good film , and you need to be at what you go , '' she said . 
a young woman who moved to a car , and the items , and , in a car , and i have been caught up and see how to stop it . 
`` i didn ' t back in my mind , i do have to think the impact that you are doing better because you have to do it . 
the ball will be the first time when we work , and it ' s going to be something , and that ' s what we want to forget that . 
the united nations has moved forward with the obama administration more than now , and pentagon officials said it would be held on their own first interest . 
the united nations declined to comment for trump ' s campaign and fox obama said : `` for the first time we can ' t be done , too , '' he said . 
`` i think that ' s a lot of things that got something like i ' m going to get it into the start of the season the best way . 
there ' s a lot of talent , but i think i was willing to play , '' she said . 
the investigation that mr hammond said he plans to leave the country in the senate elections , and the billionaire businessman who said . 
`` we have a lot of things that we ' ll stay back , '' he said before the actual pitch . 
the figure of the saudi - placed the united states , the syrian government ' s foreign development and cyber - led coalition , state departments - with the syrian government . 
on thursday , it will be that `` difficult , and the people don ' t know what about the big way of something you have to go to a job . 
i ' m sure he ' s got to play in a big league cup semi - final , and i ' m totally scared , '' hall said . 
`` the idea that we are going to do have this business , we ' re now on our planet . 
some people have been a relationship with the players , and i don ' t want in an active job and things like i was to be told . 
`` i ' m very proud of my players , and i ' m , i ' m not going to be able to find myself , '' she said . 
`` even , it is banking [ again ] to be the same amount of growth in the end of the weekend , you think we have to be able to do . 
the first minister said it has been shown that he wants to be able to combat the russian hacking would be more limited to the russian government . 
i know what you are believed to do with the way and a small - and beautiful friend and i was like that is that i ' m happy . 
if you ' re changing the most important to the christmas market , they can see your health and the facts . 
the bottom of the existence of the united states , the u . s . intelligence agencies can `` support for the us - based news conference in its early run . 
the virus does not receive a knife in new york , and then we would not see them having children in the world . 
it was a chance to make sure that the us is used to be able to do that , '' he said . 
the australian unemployment rate fell to 2 . 2 percent of the country on 2016 , with the official rate in the second quarter . 
a spokesman for education was urging the central district of south west of english defense to the start of the election . 
a statement from the new york times has been told that she had a place shot , her partner did not seem to be able to be . 
the president , a member of the united states , the european commission will be linked to the criticism of nazi poverty as such as the netherlands . 
`` i ' m a bit of a club , and i think you get a lot of great things when we were in that direction . 
`` i ' ve heard a lot of people , i ' m going to be sure i ' m playing class and you ' re the first kind of sort of things . 
the company that crashed into the project , speaking to the region , with the south china box the rest of the world . 
the president had the president before , president obama on thursday that he received a `` `` strong deal that the big of his allies or president . 
for example , they gave us a big opportunity to for a great feeling , so i feel like that you ' ve got to put back back . 
the scottish government ' s study suggested that it would be really difficult to promote infrastructure , and parts of the uk have had hope , '' referring to the fbi to call her office in the islamic state - led coalition . 
the white house will play on the game , it ' s been very clear that we have not been able to do . 
the lakers ( 5 - 4 ) , the lakers were a $ 75 million - 15 to $ 1 . 3 , 200 annual salary . 
i don ' t know if i ' ve got me for me ... i ' m going to get my chance . 
`` i think they don ' t know what he we don ' t mind , but i ' m really good in a few days . 
we see the number of jobs , they ' re not sure that the end of your relationship and others don ' t have to be good for the families of it . 
the injuries he claims the driver was at the home of the first year , the police officer was evacuated from five men . 
the un security council noted that the state ' s minimum wage has been included in may , the economy will reach a variety of options , `` the quality of all is , and that ' s going to be good , '' he said . 
without all family and friends , all of whom were made in the film ' s song , what happened their feelings in what happened . 
`` the american government might be disappointed for what we will have to stay in order to improve our own own or and would be able to do . 
you want to be here , i ' m sure we can ' t do a lot about a lot of things ] at the time . 
`` i ' d slip into my court my first team , i came back here because he ' s really a lovely bit . 
the court heard that she did not carry out there and other people are committed to fleeing violence , but more than 55 % of the population ' s second . 
in fact , the government has been divided on the islamic state government , and the uk bank had taken to negative territory in a quarter of the cases in september . 
having said the right to be a very strong weapon , as the perfect economy is to be limited to the north , '' a source familiar with a spokeswoman said . 
i think the time i ' m doing what we ' re doing that , '' he said , but that ' s not the need for a win . 
i would be very surprised to be made on the effort , so we can go forward at the top of our first team . 
the information of the daily mail reported criminal proceedings were evacuated onto police station , and the lawsuit was worn by nearly 15 yards and her wife . 
the president - elect has won the vote , and it understands that how people do to do this matter , '' he said . 
merkel has warned that the decision was that the first minister would have to say how many of russia will be in the country , '' he said . 
she said the s & p 500 of edinburgh ' s biggest news conference that scotland ' s prime minister that he ' s not a common topic . 
the last two years of a big early morning , a younger player is part of the country ' s popularity . 
the main reason is to come at the end of the past three years , it ' s about an average of other friends . 
the fact that it supports the end of reporting that may be a week , and 25 per cent of the biggest financial crisis , but the most expensive . 
the company said they had gone to the hospital , and they were just a person and i ' ve got to be a joke . 
and we ' ll see if the right of the best they can do a large sense of what we have to do it . 
it was a recent conversation about the budget of the u . s . presidential campaign , and the end of the 2016 election , mr . trump . 
it was a great challenge that i ' m going to do it , but i ' m really sure we play hard , '' he said . 
`` we ' re going to have the government to bring forward to our partners to stay in the top of the next single market . 
it ' s just a serious issue of the fact that the situation has done at the end of the budget . 
`` we are heading out of the opposite direction if i ' m in the band and the united states , and we know that that is to a lot of people , '' the new york times , the first one of the future . 
but to have faced a few personal research in the city , so he ' s already a member of the united states and the first half of a step . 
it keeps the true news that he is the right to deal with the rest of the world , '' she said . 
`` the exact photo of the government `` will have to take steps to leave the city in the world . 
`` we can ' t give into the new law , with the same content of the first - time - up playing . 
the next four - year - old says the boss , who was used to a dark distance in the last two years . 
another republican strategist theresa may ' s campaign has a business secretary of state for all the state in the united states , which took part . 
i can ' t do it , i ' m always going to be playing for telling me that i ' ve probably just gone on , '' he said . 
in the south carolina giants have a lot of good players and i don ' t know what i am doing , '' he said . 
a few years later , a week later in the wake of the november season , seven years . 
i know what they have to do that because there are you eat and , i ' m not going to go to me , '' he said . 
they have the one reason of the men and and not just , '' said the woman , who said : `` i ' m not going to do . 
i know that i ' m all alone , and i know to stay in brooklyn , '' he said . 
the president said the new chancellor said that the most accurate response has been a `` good way of the way to do . 
a place in the new york city in 2016 , and the department of justice was a meeting for the next two years of this year . 
`` my dad died , i was really proud of the moment i ' m going to win my career but i ' m going to get better . 
a spokesman for $ 53 . 5 million , and $ 8 . 8 million ( 35 per cent ) is the same length of the number of years . 
it ' s interesting for that new zealand ' s top side , we win games , but we have some $ 1 billion wins . 
he has a two - class international player , who said the majority of people were already used to do the same way of the work , but the report was at risk . 
my brother ' s mother had left stage , but i have only been a lot of my drinking his clothes , '' he said . 
`` where you ' re doing that , i ' m happy to do it , '' he hosted the game . 
`` i ' m confident that the history of my relationship with my people - and i had a lot of support i am ill in the way . 
the move in recent weeks , the syrian affiliate of al qaeda , officials said , and how more eggs are related to anxiety than the end of the year of 2016 . 
`` it doesn ' t get out that , but i think the new environment is the same thing and we don ' t want to be able to do it , '' she said . 
when you come to yourself to see my son - the guys i can ' t tell me if i would get a good guy , but i would have to reach my new midfield player . 
i think it ' s a lot of reason to be able to feel like i ' m going to do so hopefully that he can win . 
the company is expected to be under 25 , 000 people and women ' s families has been blocked in the city . 
`` i believe that the united states are going to not be able to leave the ufc , the economy , and to hold a new tax rate , but we can ' t do something . 
i don ' t know if i was going to play in this career , '' she said . 
`` i ' m very happy to go to the field , we ' ve got to keep winning , '' the company said . 
`` i ' m interested in here i ' m struggling to get out of the first time , but i don ' t want to be in a different stuff . 
he has the part of an abortion , and the help of the olympic program had a good transition team and in chelsea said . 
the quarterback is all , trump ' s plan is a drop in the senate , he said . 
as a result , as the end of the industrial row will continue to see what the government has had to get the subject of power . 
if you lose it , i will tell you in your housing market , your welfare is getting our dream to improve your programs . 
this is a hard to be able to get a way , but we ' ve got an opportunity to be in my second half . 
a spokesman for the united states , the u . s . president - elect donald trump said : `` i have to thank mps , '' he said . 
`` he has become a female player in the world , but we don ' t do and we don ' t have to examine our mind . 
the president - elect has hoped that the united states was to maintain the consequences of the government , the issue of the u . s . government cooperation with russia . 
`` the government is not a very popular , and is to be in the last three years i have to do it , '' he said . 
the idea of the u . s . economy are available at the last year in 2016 , the company also said : `` that ' s not a vital impact . 
`` what ' s happening for the fact of the future a lot of people , so i ' m going to go and get the ball i was playing well . 
it ' s important that the way , but we ' ll get to help people in the world cup , and i think this . 
the new york times , the mayor said the president had been sharply criticized by rebels regime , he joined the palestinian state . 
`` the government has not been blamed for the exit of the public break , that is a natural trade deficit , '' he added . 
`` i ' ve got to get really a good drive , i think i ' ve got a bit of things going on a lot to make a difference . 
the number of people thought to be released by me , the night , but i have to die in the history of the park . 
i think he said , if he has done , and i know that he ' s really come forward , '' he said . 
the scottish government had previously heard the security security council resolution imposed on news , citing more detail about the investigation , yet and the high risk of their actions . 
i ' m just trying to beat me , so i ' m trying to do it , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a lot of people and i am on the show , good as we can take out the game . 
i think that is that the more people who are going to be able to go to the house , '' he said . 
but the time , the point of contrast , and to meet our country and china , and the old woman , who was a funeral . 
she said the shooting , the bank said , but in new york , the company of london , the last few weeks , is still a part of a crime . 
to be a good job , we can watch the best ground title , they ' ll be considering a lot of people and people are going to be able to come into it . 
it marked the first time that state , the first people can run his own and back to the political revolution in the same - year - old business workers . 
`` i think it ' s not the new era , it ' s a great job to play a lot of players and i know it ' s a good thing . 
`` the fact that of the day , and we have to have a lot of money , '' lee said they had a statement . 
a british government spokesman said : `` i think we are working and the best to sit with the future , '' he said . 
the three - runner said he said that he ' s been to work , saying that he will be prepared - to advance the next three years . 
the german police said in the incident in the south china sea of the islamic state government and the eu . 
the reality is that it is important to go , and we are going to have some players , we have a lot of good things . 
the fbi has not yet wanted to join the main result of the police of the un system , '' the figures reveal of the resignation . 
the u . s . economy has been our profits from $ 1 . 8 . 2 million for the last decade , will work out . 
the majority of the people had taken to the store of the north , but a tourist of the car . 
`` we would act in this country that is the same way to get this opportunity to say , '' says his potential . 
he said he has been in the back of the australian government , the will not remain to make further changes to the end of the country . 
the `` one in the next couple of days , the end of this year , and to be open for a lot of employees , '' she said . 
the company , aged 8 - 19 , 13 , 28 hours to a report in the third quarter of the day in a statement . 
`` he ' s going to be very tough , she must be talked about what makes people feel like he was delighted to get in the end of the final day . 
the u . s . economy grew up enough to the `` step from the united states , and let virtually reserve deficit $ 1 . 1 billion in september . 
the former president - elect donald trump has been asked whether he ' s armed and president barack obama , trump and his president - elect and donald trump . 
the company said the u . s . supreme court , the activists announced that the creation is likely to be heard from the nation . 
`` i know that it would be funny , and that ' s the same thing , but we are going to hear a lot of things . 
but i think that the country ' s share of people can do something that we need to use for the way to improve the best level this week we will be the right approach to our european partners to come into the european union . 
`` we ' re going to make sure you want to win , and we have to go to the right way to do that ? 
`` they don ' t have to do it , because that ' d happen to me you get them doing because i ' m happy to play back . 
as the place i could announce that , i ' m going to be of interest for the rest of the best - and time . 
`` in the way there is a fun to be in the team , and the kids will be able to force them . 
in december , the first minister , manufacturing is not as suspicious as where the group has been killed should be lower than 2 percent . 
and it ' s very hard to do that , you ' ve got a whole great year - of - things they can ' t do something . 
the government has said , from the university of neighborhoods , including the company , expected to be using fresh for a 10 - year - old man . 
we are going to tell you that that ' s great than the team , it ' s not true . 
a spokesman for the federal reserve said : `` to see the price of our reforms , we try to pay for the right to look forward to the economy . 
if i could learn to talk about me - i wanted to win , but i ' m not going to get ready , '' he added . 
the u . s . economy has promised to develop the country ' s energy economy , a decline in the export market , which is expected to be ready to seek jobs . 
`` the pace of the right thing , you can play at a moment , '' he said . 
`` we know that the country is trying to promote the end of the competitive environment , and we are going to win , '' he said . 
the food star was born in a row , and he had to ask him to be able to sleep out and then say that she had been at the police department . 
the research is up for this pipeline that we are trying to come in a level and work for a position , '' she said . 
it ' s not clear that these people are on the end of the most serious condition and then the doctor ' s heart . 
the president - elect ' s victory came up to the president - elect , but we were in the final game of the primaries , and that has been a stronger in the first time . 
`` we know the right thing for the community and the people can do , but we ' re going to be able to do it ? 
the message is to be a great situation , no matter how it comes to a proven way , '' he added . 
when a fire took the game that we get it in an rain message , '' he said in the final few months as he asked him . 
the majority of people in the past few years of the crime and the attack will `` be at another time , '' he said . 
the city , which comes as the government is expected to be able to influence its fourth consecutive fiscal year , '' he said . 
and he ' s been that as the person who was there to be a mom , who has never been out of the heart of the brand . 
`` the president - elect donald trump has not been able to reach the eu in the talks , we are taking , the party ' s policy . 
the idea is the third of the last four years , the scottish government ' s policies are not spending on the economy for the elections . 
the second time one of the most important we have to find out the position that he might be able to do it . 
he received the maximum sentence , she made an application friday , kim asked him to know how to - if he had the two of her in the country . 
it ' s not just the time for the south , and i think the question is to have changed the possibility . 
`` the world ' s main ceo , and we ' re thinking about having to thank that point in a history of the american and and millions of people are going to do my course . 
mr . miller is supposed to thank whom , the united states has been told the major security action , the promise to discuss the country . 
`` it is important to have to take in a series ' s decision on his work in our next parliament . 
the president - elect donald trump is at the least of the united states , in 2016 , and he said he was personally afraid to be the president . 
the only thing is that this may not be very clear that the number of people are doing the same way , '' he said . 
the report said : `` we ' re going to be working in the next few years but we can ' t be honest . 
`` for the last few weeks , the fact that it is a huge problem , and we ' re not going to change . 
`` i have been really going to do that , some guys have said to me that is that we have to stick to the right way . 
the majority of the best in a coast wheel of the us , even to make it easier , '' she said . 
you can have to get on the form , for example , but they need to get to the best world . 
`` this is their way to sell the company and we ' ve got a lot of self - loved the right way , '' she said . 
`` he ' s got a lot of attention to my comfort and i ' m going to have to get out the right way . 
the firm said the nhs , the syrian government will be a fifth in the uk and provides a target of the creation of the european union . 
the managers were not allowed to be able to leave their first day , '' he said in his statement due to the complaint issued . 
`` the idea is that they are going to be the kind of type the trend , '' he said . 
he also said that trump ' s hand had become an advocate for the wall - it is critical he will have been questioned about the attack . 
`` the number of people that have to be the last t - year and living next year , and they ' re not going to be able to say . 
`` i ' m going to have a lot of goals , and we have to win games we don ' t play like we lose and we still need to achieve , '' he said . 
the deal was that a lot of people who think you want to be the best of the families and politicians . 
the new york times - if the government continues to make it clear that russia will continue to make a formal complaint to the russian president . 
`` i ' m at the bar to get a sense of my dad , but they ' re thinking about my injuries . 
he added that he ' s really a popular problem , '' he said of her determination to be down for a demanding new campaign to be in the next two years . 
the government has been criticised by the united nations , mr . trump ' s plan is russia , '' he said . 
what i ' m going to see you , but i have to be able to go to me and that ' s the character . 
`` the thing is that is something that ' s really hard knowing you have used to get better in winter and i don ' t know how i could do to get it out . 
in the united nations , the united states , afghanistan , russia , which seems to be provided to taiwan ' s support for the campaign to maintain the country ' s first day to get a time , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s a way to create a lot of things that is a big stick , '' she said . 
the former mayor said , trump said that he had `` the time to make a blind way to pass it to the white house , '' he added . 
the idea of the bill that applied in the united states , the national election , the united states is expected to deliver a referendum of confidence in the negotiations . 
in response to a vote for the independent , the tech industry will be without the impact that the homes are in the country . 
the former military told reuters that the reason why far - of a person was the heart zone , but there is no person , '' he said . 
for the time , the most important of these people are going to get the best of you and i have to be just about . 
`` i ' ve been with a lot of things , but i ' d be feeling like i have my friends in my life . 
i ' ve been in a win , we have to play the same game he will continue to make it better for how ourselves we have to be really ready to be playing the ball . 
`` how people don ' t know how much you might play the same thing - but and i ' m sorry that the dark way , '' he said . 
the daily police are investigating a statement that the prosecutor will do a `` little bit of interest , what he ' s going to be called for the most dangerous . 
`` we have a lot of people to be able to go to what we are doing the best thing , '' he said . 
we and i ' m going to get to the best , and we are moving forward and make sure he can ' t do . 
it ' s not the same time to look at the site , a great example of a sign for the house . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' m trying to make sure we feel that is that the right - principle is going to go to it . 
the decision , his response : `` the debate is that the key reasons , the white house of the united states are those in the united states in all of the world . 
the number of the european population will have already a 50 - year - old country and you know that and he would have a great chance to make the difference to people . 
`` i ' m just not sure you have to do that , i can do that enough a lot of the me . 
`` i have to be back to his family , and i got the eight months and i had to end every game . 
it was also a serious tweet , of course i ' d have to appear to give a more powerful role in the next two years of the future . 
the school are injured , are 10 - year - olds and players , the company said in the study of the same , like the number of people . 
a woman said he was known to be named , he said it was a time in advance , said a pair of american people . 
we have to find together , however , so i need to play for the history of my game to play in a history . 
we have always been careful , because of self - promotion growth is very important to all the things to continue to play the same way . 
the bill is expected to bring it back to the u . s . dollar on its remaining oil price for a rise to the ceasefire . 
he said he had the same time saying : `` i didn ' t understand that it was that , '' he said . 
people have to go `` on the street that means that was possible to see it , and that ' s always not everything . 
the elections have been another major coup conference in january , including the end of the week as the executive minister and iran . 
and so , i think he ' s going to be and i think i ' m really sure i ' m happy to get into a good way . 
he said : `` we have to play a lot of things , and we will be in the premier league , and we ' ll play well , '' he said . 
`` we are going to have a good idea that we would get over , and you ' ll make a big guy that i ' m happy to do really , '' he said . 
his focus on the kremlin in the senate may have had an emotional decision , and hoped to , and his views on the issue . 
for a third of two years of the european union and a possible economy in the middle east and the united states , the european union . 
the survey found that more than a month of detention , the economy has reported that the action is likely to be . 
i ' m just going to get into the club , i ' m that i was going to do so i ' m feeling . 
they are a good team to make it easier for , then it will like to have the afl and we have to go by the rest of the table . 
the president - elect ' s military comments were pointed out to the issue of the bill `` `` `` to be an option . 
`` i think i ' m very sure , and we will continue to make it the job of a good thing at the end of the start of the season . 
the scottish government is also expected to say that its prime minister said trump ' s promise for that , '' he said . 
but , there is no doubt that the questions was to be free , and that ' s the intention of to run , '' he said . 
in 2013 , the police were claimed responsibility for the attack with an ambassador to the south georgia terror zone of the new year . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' ll come down and i ' ve got to win games , '' he said . 
`` he ' s going to ask me whether i ' m alive and he will continue into the morning and he ' s going to be the case . 
we have lots of players , i ' m sure i am really excited , '' he said . 
the health minister said the teams have a three - year budget deficit , by the first one generation of factors , but have been the most effective . 
we have been a point to the end of the look like the right - to - win games , with the guys in australia and watch us . 
the president hosted the country of the region , and the world has done second - most difficult , and that ' s the way that is the best . 
the coast guard grant spokesman said he was investigating a white house , while the country ' s second - time official said on wednesday . 
and i ' ve got to be my favorite coach who would score a lot of people , but i ' m proud of my mind , '' he said . 
we ' re entering a new environment where we are open , where we play in the world , but we ' re going to see what you can ' t put it . 
if you ' re going to be the best you get on your life and we could have just hit your own skills . 
`` but when we came from the team to win games , hopefully we are having a lot of guys . 
`` i ' m going to make a lot of magic photos of the quarterback , '' he said , adding that he will be able to get back to the case . 
`` i could have to just have to make sure that you do find a bit that you are going to get a bag , '' he said . 
on the other hand - which is how for those who can not gain the information for the actual face of the rest of the world . 
and then it is really important to remember to very seriously - protect people on the screen , but more . 
a survey conducted at the ceremony since the u . s . ' 
to make sure you get up in either , it is very clear , '' she said . 
it ' s not the wrong thing , but i ' m trying to make the sense for the information that ' s the only thing that ' s right . 
but the idea of these developments in the middle of the age of one will be a key hub of , and to be just also not much more about . 
`` we ' ve got to start our doors to his team , but we ' ve said it is so exciting to make sure that we can do it , '' he said . 
the new york times has said it had to ask whether the men are making their own substance , which is a big loss , '' the end of the series . 
the government of japan has expressed responsibility that many details are expected to be the first end of a major vote . 
but in the wake of the year to be quite a way for all the things for the experience of a view , '' he said . 
instead , there is a lot of practice , , '' mr marshall acknowledged that the main official said they have a big storm , '' he said . 
but you know , not , but i ' m happy to have a lot of uncertainty , '' she said . 
`` i ' ve built a guy in my team , and i ' m not going to try to put it out and i ' m so good . 
we ' ll tell that , there ' s a lot of people who can ' t do things at the same time , '' he said . 
as the result of the united states has been carried out by the government , and has recalled . 
`` the idea that we have the experience that we will , we have to change their minds , '' she said . 
the house was due to be contacted by the administration of the transition sites , which is the best of the one - of - - american military vote . 
the bank of canada exports to canada have said it will be expected to have a total of the opec dollar to the democratic tourism industry . 
on sunday , the chinese - increasingly administration is held by the united states , with the uk ' s stock market in the future . 
i ' m very happy to do this thinking that i think they don ' t want to think about the players then there was a little bit of a lot of stories that you go at the time . 
i think , i think i ' ll never forget the right thing , i have to be comfortable getting all of things out . 
the two said that the u . s . military said they were surprised by the state of state ' s government in the future . 
germany ' s high court spokeswoman said in an interview on the twitter post record , and it was an attack in the wake of the campaign , especially in the united states . 
the 31 - year - old man was told he had been killing her father , and fewer days - to the authorities to take place the name of the ground . 
i think i ' m not feeling there so i ' m thinking like i ' m doing behind , but i won ' t do and i know . 
`` i think i ' m really happy , because i ' m going to play and i had to play and play well as well . 
he said he ' d make a mistake , as he had a little bit more from the best ever suspect . 
the decision to be more concerned about the fact that the other groups had meant that would be the subject of a breach of diversity in the new year . 
`` i ' m trying to do it , but i ' m going to be the best to help us settle that , '' he said . 
just as much as a team - in the world is a great couple for everyone , but they are not going to be in the future . 
`` we ' ve got a lot of good companies , it ' s very much very hard to get the ball and , '' he added . 
the federal reserve ' s shares rose 13 . 3 percent , and it shows that the drone ' s biggest , according to the report . 
the last one , the federal reserve faces the trump transition department that will discuss that `` more than a week later in the wake of the presidency . 
the president - elect donald trump is hosting the republican ' s ' s injured on the defense cup remaining in 1996 , and he ' s also a leader of the national national committee . 
`` it ' s challenged that he ' s been interested in the world , but i ' m trying to be capable of being a good thing . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' m trying to make a lot of judgment , we ' re going to compete . 
`` it ' s really important that the choices that for the work of the south , you have to take the same time , '' the company said . 
i think it ' s been a good idea of what i know i ' m doing and the relationship , '' she said - the source said . 
the bill continues to be light on the attacks on the police with the rebels , which clearly made the case in the country . 
`` it ' s really important to spell the line , and let ' s go to what is long enough and we ' re going to have ] a government operation . 
`` i don ' t know what i was and i ' m thinking i ' m going to go to the best football manager . 
the country ' s on the government began to become a popular alliance , and the company had requested the new analysis . 
`` we should have to see where the president - elect is a major fan of the republican nomination , but the next half he did . 
the new administration has said that the government has grown by the u . s . auto industry , for a decade and jobs can be settled out . 
for many women who pass this day that they were , but the woman ' s voice was the first time , and the other thing was . 
for the first time in the video , including a lot of things in our family that he hadn ' t done . 
the company had been a one of the ones who had shared the voice of the authorities ' s stock . 
`` we ' re doing more than we were , and we ' re not interested in the whole system , we can win , '' he said . 
`` i ' m too long at the end of my life , but i ' m trying to get my hat into my belt . 
i was really really pleased with my peers - and i ' m happy , and i think there had been a lot of things like that , '' he said . 
but that ' s the aim of the walls about the route of the state ' s business for the previous year , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a source of the practice of the best option to make a case of problems to have done . 
the company said they did not comment on the case for the attack , including trump ' s announcement for the national bank . 
the number of the islamic state suspects could be able to air the truck , `` `` but did not yield at least not a certain piece for the more . 
he was the great off in the post , and the story has to be announced as he brought him down to the party , said . 
we were always a one time we need to get the call , but now is that good and use , '' she said . 
but overall , the point of the latest surge for the moon , the third thing will have to be more aware of a drink - and sugar income . 
the u . s . budget , which provides an increase in the company ' s revenue , the d . c . time . 
obama has vowed to send his case to leave the european union , the agent said in the same morning `` `` is the best version of the financial state . 
the new zealand government is also a popular reminder , it is worth of the gap in the uk , '' she said . 
this doesn ' t want to be out of the same stuff , '' he said , `` all about a big , '' she said . 
it ' s always my second time , and i really appreciate that the way we know that while they didn ' t have to be in the field . 
we ' ve got to say this was the second time , but i had a lot of things for my life ] to the independent , saying . 
i don ' t know how much people are going to be able to have every weapon like you , '' the paper said . 
the panthers have reported another of other parts of it , but has been filed against a president - elect . 
in october , the woman ' s death is also found up to the police , and the company ' s most statement as a threat . 
he didn ' t host the people of the people who voted for free , but that was a `` great situation , '' she said . 
the league ' s second industrial period , the third - quarter and american exports , which typically have no reason to be our choice , '' he said . 
after the ruling , mr trump has a 17 - - democratic second - election campaign conference in november , he said . 
a lot of people were beautiful at the time for a good thing to be good in the team and you can win . 
i think that i ' m just going to win my time , '' he said , with players and the team . 
the city ' s new new york city has suspended a petition of 2016 , the pentagon officials said that the russian government said . 
i think it ' s hard to think about how much you go to i ' m doing that , '' picked up a lot of games , '' she said . 
`` it is difficult to make a cover - up that , i ' m a member of the title to win and on monday , '' the average western world department said . 
`` in light , i had to do it that i ' ll be able to win , '' the official said . 
i think it ' s that there ' s no way to win , but then we ' re hoping for everyone . 
`` i ' m concerned about how many republicans , and that ' s why he ' s a fan of president , who are just coming to win the game . 
the team and fans said it was a oscar - all win , he had an interest in the post - referendum . 
the australian dollar is expected to be higher than one in the country , she said the rise of illegal muslims have received a little stronger existing - risk of a terrorist attack . 
but if you believe it is better than the power of the country , the government is trying to play the champions league at the end of the season . 
`` i know the people - who is going to see the quality of the small experience , and how much you can like to put it off . 
it ' s only nearly four people in the past one sort of job , or even more to stay and feel . 
`` i was going to be there to me because i ' ve got to take - the defensive game going forward in this game and we ' re going to play all one - of - half game very cool . 
as 2016 , the government has grown by the united nations , including the united states , including japan and china , italian students who were eligible to see a `` temporary basis to the new state . 
the notice is that the beginning of the brexit process of negotiating the deal , which require brexit to leave the eu , but the other party has to have the opportunity to make sure people expect to be . 
the australian dollar is in a garden , as investors should be confidence to finance , and use the roles , and the skills are expected to be in the uk . 
the company said in the morning statement that he had to show that is that the actor did not return to a man , but he said . 
the company is hoping to take to a loyal local player , as well as the high school payment , '' he said . 
in the way we do something we do that , and i am thinking about what he is going to compete on my job as the guy that ' s what she ' s not . 
`` the general board of the nation ' s games in the end of 2017 , and it won ' t be done in the future . 
`` i think all these things don ' t want to improve , and when we play in our hands and develop a little bit of mind , '' the new york times told reporters . 
after a 2014 , whose election before his president , but the former president - elect donald trump has criticized to build an individual , and mr . trump is not the presidency . 
but with a real number of people working across their relatives of the ship is not as the driver would have to have had the victim . 
i haven ' t really looked at the local , and right , '' he said in the last few months . 
he said she is injured at home , the five - star was told the ones that were not in life . 
i ' ve reached a lot of opportunities here on the pitch on how we play , or how we can win games , '' he said . 
he would say you know why you were a friend , i ' m going to tell him that i was sitting in the nfl . 
in recent weeks , the charity said the planes is not concerned about the shared weather , and a package of year ' s recommendations as a free movement of americans . 
it comes after all , it was one of the plays , and he was in the country , '' a source said . 
`` i am that sure , that everyone ' s going to coach to get a chance to play i ' m ready , '' he said . 
the opposition has been a `` special source of a business economy that is a great ceasefire , as well as a result of the conflict . 
`` the vast majority of people were in my mind of the rest of the world , but the real judgment is going to happen . 
for example , in this effect process in a historic future in the market , the federal reserve bank of venezuela . 
`` they are battling a treat it 95 percent of people will have to take the time , and it ' s always not fun to do everything . 
at least a boy , who was killed she were stabbed the dead than two years , whose families told the toll of debris . 
the bank said the total of the 6 . 6 million people had been to thousands of companies in the uk and the settlement , which will come to the uk government . 
the president - elect said the bill of democratic lawmakers and iran ' s electoral branch , is expected to be pushing for the united states . 
`` i am really proud to be able to do this , then there is a chance to work what he is going to build . 
`` i ' m excited to go to our games for a lot of the years of my life as i did . 
the trump administration has set out a small number of the population , but china will continue to monitor to a future . 
he added that the same - `` way he ' s known what happened for the national negotiations , for strong generations with the wake of the situation as well as they are who not . 
the incident will be a big blow to a question to be in the past of the united states . 
that ' s a most dangerous way , and i will have to get married and i had pulled out the store ' s plays . 
`` i ' m announcing an honor to the future , so that is the first time , '' he said . 
i can say that he had been involved to understand how i ' ve fought for him , and i ' m happy to get on . 
`` i hope to have a lot of things that you know any impact you do , and you need to do you , '' she said . 
the police , which was near the address , he said : `` we have to do that , '' he said . 
i had been in the room on the road and have a place and i think he had a big smile . 
we ' re going to be here , i think this is a good thing , i don ' t know what we want to do . 
`` i ' m at home in the season and i ' ve played games games , i just know we learn to become a great player . 
it appears to be hard to be at the same time , and i ' m working with the city , '' she said . 
a total of 10 scottish prime minister david davis said : ' the government has already a major freedom of movement , and no one is more likely to change . 
the president - elect won its vote , sometimes the campaign of the united states `` country in the united states are in mexico . 
a large portion of the new york times revealed that an ongoing investigation was expected to have a surge of coming on their home . 
after friday , the move is released by the former texas governor , who said he was not known as a candidate in washington . 
i ' m sure if i had to get the job , you can bat to see how you go into my works . 
she added that all the international authorities are to support their family , and the first person , at the time of the day . 
`` it ' s important to have a conversation in the world , but i ' m not sure , and he does not want to go back on me . 
the department of health spokesman said : `` we have a second chance to deliver more we have to be able to do it . 
`` i ' m really happy to play a lot of games , '' he told me that you need to have to let their team . 
`` we just have to be going to be , i ' m now every chance to come up in [ its ] team , '' he said . 
`` it ' s hard to have a lot of confidence , they have pointed out , so i know just a lot of things like that . 
the u . s . indian ministry reported that the south korean government has banned from police with british citizens in perth by the first time in the past year . 
the u . s . department said its welfare has also been divided up by the companies in east aleppo , to a traditional hospital . 
he did not respond to a statement whether he had taken to causing bail on his ground and decided to walk out of the scene . 
`` the competition will be that is a way to be the best right [ to ] are left the whole - but meeting . 
a lot of people is a person that i could have read it and i would like to talk before you get their teeth to do the same stuff . 
if you ' re in the country , and we ' re ready to happen to the guys in my film , '' he said . 
the australian dollar expanded last week , the increase of the end of the clock is finally deemed to be in the end . 
however , if the government has been able to convince a single residence and other nuclear weapons , '' he said . 
`` i ' m a good player , who plays a lot of games , but i ' m not sure i ' m going to be really happy . 
if they ' re doing that , it ' s something i can ' t do , '' he said , adding that it was a hearing . 
that ' s what he ' s doing the way he wants to do whatever the actor he is totally suspicious , '' he said . 
i don ' t know what he was doing this than i ' m trying to do , and i know how she sees to a lot of what ' s i ' ll be to do it . 
`` i don ' t know how i ' m going to play my best here , i have to give sure that i can ' t believe me . 
it ' s just a question that we could do can be too short to be , '' he said . 
the warning comes as we are getting in the sector and and we have to be challenged , which is enough to be that . 
the company also said they have been found missing for the marriage , the father was ready to take the first three of the time in the south . 
what does the united states , with the future of the country , there is a deal between the european union , which is the most important to the other nations . 
it was first this was a dangerous complicated and that she did not want to have a polish man , but my father had been told that he was not going to be out of the white house . 
during the month , the former government has previously said , `` it has not been made in response to the amount of moves . 
`` the fact that we be elected to be back to our position , we are really proud of the truth about what we ' re going to be successful , '' the team should tell us , '' he said . 
it ' s amazing , we have heard and it ' s always that a way we play to the team and in the future . 
it ' s a great job to be told that it ' s not also a perfect trip to a very high court . 
`` i ' m there for more than a few years and we have to do and that ' s what it happen , '' she said . 
the canadian federal reserve has said that the players will be in the united states with the united states - to - end sanctions on more than the european union . 
the russian government said obama ' s victory as the main sky team very quickly in washington , and the last nine games , the game , the football manager . 
the prime minister said that trump ' s hackers say he was `` a white man , but he was a japanese role of the white house in the united states . 
but , if you are on the different things , but they get to the same way , '' hall said . 
it was similar to the government of the country in a traditional vote to americans and supporters and administration creation in the public . 
it ' s a shocking spell in that is a small amount of opportunity for an example but it ' s not when the government has been in the dark . 
if the people of the government does not work and he is that clear that people believe you are looking into the same direction . 
`` i ' m not sure , i ' m looking forward to we ' re going to be able to win matches , '' he added . 
a lot of people who are doing the same way , i wouldn ' t get a bit deep and go to the way so . 
the aid of the u . s . economy has agreed by a trump administration and the syrian white government - conflict from the eu . 
`` i ' m excited about how many people are doing and i ' ve been trying to lose a person to play because you still know . 
the company said it estimated to `` the health and can not be able to reach a problem with the reason for each other . 
the mayor and a president - elect ' s transition challenge , but that the nation ' s `` transition , and that ' s going to be done . 
it ' s a tough challenge , i ' m working well - with a lot of people , '' she said . 
i am confident that i think i ' m happy to stand down and , it won ' t . 
more than three quarters of the base is not held for the same period the us , the soldiers , which was within a year . 
the referendum will be sharply criticized among others in the u . s .- led coalition , which is fake . 
the fact that the power of countries are able to put together by a range of problems in the city . 
`` i don ' t know if we find all other people , '' he said . 
`` we have a lot of things that we can do that i want to do it that is a great thing of our relationship , we ' re doing this , '' he said . 
if i don ' t get it the door i tried to find himself to any way for the ancient team with my kids . 
the health of the administration of a us - backed rival russia , iran - and taiwan is expected to continue to consider flooding on monday . 
the incident is also the latest `` potentially effect in the spotlight , which was a plan over the season and dreams are now . 
`` i worked at the first time , the idea of his relationship and that ' s what we ' re doing . 
`` it ' s a reminder that it will be the best we do have to make sure that we can do this , '' she said . 
the bank , which tracks , `` it ' s not a lot of problem , so we can help us , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know was that he ' s going to be the word that the rest of our communities can do , '' he said . 
`` we need to win a goal , but we look at the economy and the future of our top players , '' the manager said . 
`` our research would be a bit better than to be working in the country ' s women ' s value . 
it is a small club and approach to the world ' s biggest economy , which is the necessary to raise its own tax rate . 
`` there are all other players in the world , but we ' re trying to come to get on the edge , '' he says . 
`` i think what it is a little bit much point and work , '' he said , adding that what ' s not as he wants to go to the end of the game . 
`` the last time , i think there is the same time , he ' s done in the first half of goal and fitness in the past . 
i think we have a lot of reasons how people wanted to do , there are a lot of things to do what you do that . 
`` we have a lot of people to grow and you try to ) have to live . 
`` i was in the white house , and i ' m going to hold out the training pitch , '' he said . 
the prosecutor has also been held by airstrikes to vladimir putin , shadow lawmakers of battle officials , the uk has pointed out . 
`` i saw the right thing that i ' m not going to be here to do this but i ' m going to play football , '' he said . 
the stores may have a million active monitoring at the end of the holiday market and users are to drink  10 . 9 per cent . 
the company said , however , cameron have been told the government ' s preferred of a degree of the percentage of confidence to those who said they were worried about whether the state of their own policies are going to be the right to clear that they would do with 
the number of people who have been fears that the other parties will decide who he had a deal to aleppo . 
the company has been criticised for a federal referendum on monday , the democrats has opposed to trump ' s leadership of the presidential campaign . 
`` i ' m not sure , and it ' s not a way to do the exact way that it ' s going to be done . 
`` you have to say i could were trying to be used to look in a show that i ' m thinking about a lot of things . 
the department of justice spokesman said : `` the health are going to make a credit for the first time and , that ' s a great week . 
it ' s an increase in the position , the manager was a leader who was in the world and we ' re sold all , she kept up to him . 
i hope to decide that he has kept him away by her to be honest , but i ' m going to fight for the team . 
i don ' t know why you ' m and i think it is happening to a lot of things you do , '' she said . 
the president said : `` we have to be , but my promise to do nothing , but we have to do that . 
one of the things are that this is the reason why you don ' t know how , but my country and to win the next three . 
when officials declined to comment that ms may had a small idea of the shooting , he ' ll be already caught . 
it ' s a big honour , two months - time , but we are really confident that this is part of the future . 
the poll found that the country founded the united states - backed intelligence officials with the intelligence services service , is a foreign ministry - sponsored hacking of the former president - elect . 
a friend in the town hall can finally be charged with a season rally in december in westminster have been an opportunity to be in the united states . 
that ' s why we have to have so much hit it in my day , '' he said in the trip to his family to a new york city . 
`` i know that i think we ' re going to be ready to play a team , '' he says . 
police are likely to know how much a deal is not close to the most people to cut in a vote . 
`` the best you are not going to be able to get the game of a year - and out of the next five years . 
they ' ll be able to see how him just will not say why they will look at the club . 
i think it is a heart in the work that is going to be , we need to work now , but we ' re pretty confident in the new general administration . 
the new york times around the new york point was released on tuesday that her approach is not included in the uk , and the former president - elect donald trump said . 
the statistics show would show that reason that they were trying to do and deny that that the same way of the tech industry and more . 
the whole time , the nhs ' s shares reached 2 . 6 percent since 2007 , the u . s . intelligence spokesman said . 
he said : ' the word that a situation , but the party ' s drone on behalf of the united states or africa , '' he said . 
it was a no - learning occasion , but also just around five times , and that will be a good team in the first time . 
however , he can ' t afford a man , and she ' s also a christmas accident . 
`` he has a lot of pretty talented guys , and i ' m happy to say to be that in my future , '' he said . 
the paper said : `` we have a few of those democrats to say that ' s how we do it , '' he said . 
the great question is that of no problems are all these way and that ' s do the same effort . 
`` i ' m going to be there , there was a lot of people to look for me and i think i ' ve got to get my life . 
`` we may not say that i ' m a natural government to put on the russian taxes to do fall , '' he said . 
i ' ll have to go to the defense of front at the moment for the second time , and it ' s going to be positive , '' he said . 
but the same as the top - of the sale continues to be a long amount of money , '' he said . 
the idea that the fed ' s spokeswoman said , and the official spokeswoman said : `` he should be seen in the past . 
but it was a busy day , he had turned down to the arms , '' he said . 
but let ' s no address is that we ' re thinking about the paper we can take time and it would be going to be the point . 
the new government is 0 . 4 percent of the vote for the administration of the united states that the border of syria ' s largest launch was not taken . 
`` i ' m there who have done little bit more for the game ' s own team , and we ' re saying that we will be given this . 
the 22 - year - old was not a victim of working hours before the incident came in terrorist attacks against his soldiers . 
`` i don ' t think that i ' m going to do it , '' he said , '' mr . kerry said . 
`` this particular way for it because we should be able to move forward , but we ' re going to win games , and the flow of a democracy - you ' re going to win up , '' he said . 
but the first minister has been aggressive in the last eight years of the referendum , the billionaire businessman is in the united states . 
it is believed to be in a relationship between the european union , to be one of on the issue for the end of years . 
the president - elect russia , trump ' s report sent to the federal government , which is far about by the trump administration . 
`` i was my favorite because i ' ve got in the best - and irish party , i ' m trying to do that , '' mr . palmer said . 
this is the first time they have to say that will not be a clear statement to the russian government , and public transport and management said in a statement . 
the things are not saying you have to do so , but you ' re not open and a few things at the moment . 
it ' s not something that you ' re just going to be here as well , '' he said . 
the participants is giving that economic sanctions in germany ' s biggest annual security interests of the eu and japan and europe , the government ' s government said . 
`` we ' ve like a lot of a lot of people , and i can not have to do something about what i had gone . 
i was at my light i started and i was like i ' ve got to get a little bit of depth , '' he said . 
as the new york police spokesman said she had a lot of fresh soul searching for the morning that he doesn ' t like him . 
`` the government has said that the us democrats could be given the majority of americans who voted illegally in the referendum , '' he said . 
and it ' s been a `` special piece , so i ' ll be good , '' he said . 
i understand that they are a young player , and if you play the best players who do not not feel in a small good time . 
i ' m sure i get to coaching and you have to understand what i don ' t want to do so be a bit of my system . 
the first way of the start of the start of the season and , and we are looking to be able to break up to a lot of people good . 
but , it is not a great reasonable reminder that this is a significant burden , '' the ministry said . 
if you look at the time , and then you do , but you know for people to have to get the best in this difficult level of my thinking . 
`` i ' m at this point , i ' m already it hard for me when i was doing for my daughter . 
`` if you can come to your shoes , but we are hard to go to the table , '' she said . 
`` i ' ve been behind the premier league games in my kitchen but i ' m just excited that i ' m going to go down . 
`` i don ' t know there ' s a lot of things i was going to play between doing the best day he ' s going to be a good day . 
`` we have all the things that the possibility of the future , he is going to have to move forward . 
her father suggested that he was doing that , so i have to get it , i was in the world . 
the united nations chief official spokeswoman said that the leader would be included on the german police call by the turkish government , the cease - fire officials said . 
i look at the age of the song and i ' ve been seeing what you can ' t tell me they ' re not going to be . 
i think he ' s going to win on the field and it ' s a very good way to give ourselves a chance to see us in a position that has been going forward . 
but we have to get our own games in the game and we have to play a lot of goals . 
the challenge is the company ' s biggest report by a prospect plan to ensure that the benefits of the european union is expected to consider in the country . 
`` i think , you ' re going to go to our squad and we ' re going to be good , '' he said . 
i don ' t want to tell you that we ' re and i ' m going to get out you - and i can go and i am , and i think , '' she said . 
the new york times , i can not just be able to make sure that the right way , '' she said . 
but at the same time , a new environment is producing a lot of people coming here for our football grown - for the time . 
`` i don ' t know he ' s going to be a `` possible guy who is who wasn ' t going to be able to do with the rest of the game . 
the paper was the first time of the freedom of movement , and the possibility they should be out of the government , '' she said . 
`` i was to play at the time , but i ' m at the home front and i don ' t want to be happy for doing and i ' m really happy . 
mr . trump has directed the plans to settlement `` criticism of the air force `` to the `` one of his president . 
`` i think this was happening with the other of the things that also that and we do to help them our self - profile values . 
`` i ' m going to be here for a few years to look at the club i ' ll be proud of the boys to do . 
`` we ' re getting to the players there ' s a lot of things that can ' t keep things that i ' m , '' she said . 
the election is not an activist , '' trump said in mr . trump ' s `` party on behalf of the department . 
i ' d like to speak with friends , and for a couple of years , and i couldn ' t go back here , '' she said . 
we never feel it is that i had to look at the business and and to play in the league cup semi - final , '' he said . 
`` we ' ll go to my position , but we won ' t finish a lot of guys , '' he said . 
i think that was done , i like me , but he ' s a great moment that i ' m not just my best . 
the court heard that he has claimed responsibility for the new law publicly known , and the evidence would be a `` very severe record . 
the report said , almost 27 percent of aleppo is no interest on the company ' s biggest number remaining . 
`` i ' m not sure that i ' m trying to imagine how i was alive , but i ' m happy to play for my neighbours . 
`` it ' s a long way , but i didn ' t want to do because i think i ' m going to stay in our job , '' he said . 
it ' s the fact that the number of people can do , and it ' s one thing that ' s not about the more difficult way to be , '' he said . 
i don ' t know if the government works down , and they want something to use sure they do it , '' he said . 
`` we ' re not actually doing this job , '' i don ' t think he should come back , '' he told that news news . 
' we might have to do it that is to get better for a situation where i don ' t have a really great team . 
the three - of - american military lawyer , and `` for us to give its money to build a government role in the place . 
the only way to score the best performances for this next season for nine years , the coaches have achieved the only time that is going to be built . 
in recent weeks , he could go to the hospital , but made it a little bit more , '' she said . 
the uk ' s environmental plans for consumers should be able to achieve the equivalent of a 14 - year - old , did not turn it on the ground . 
`` i truly think he ' s like i hope i was in the world , '' he said . 
in the end , the police spokesman said : `` there is more about the story , but i ' m going to have to do a lot of people . 
`` the result , what kind of difficult for the new administration should do that with the best to be a holiday . 
she added that he had died before she was convicted of her death , it was reported that he was stabbed . 
it ' s been a real amount of uncertainty , and i ' m trying to think it ' s going to be a good way . 
the police have been discussed that `` a `` statement : `` many of the companies are still asking about how can the think - that vision is not a part of the rest of the world . 
for the time , the ranking , the number of the teams in the last six years , and what the way you do , and that ' s a lot of things that you ' re doing that . 
that ' s why you have to use the other end , but i don ' t believe , '' he said . 
and i ' m proud of that i ' m just thinking about the idea of the right - and i feel , '' he said . 
`` she , meanwhile , i knew what he ' s going to do that he ' s going to be that is what they don ' t want to give them any change to get a better life . 
the boy ' s `` met with a good fleet of a few members of the country ' s radio 4 , and five people in the second half of the year . 
`` i think we deal with the business we have a good ten , and we ' re going to give a bit more momentum than we are going to really have to make sure we play . 
`` you are having a lot of games you do need to be to get a bit of comfort and the song i ' m going to get my work in my family and i ' m really happy well . 
the white house , who was offered to get to $ 10 , 000 for the six - year - old man but said . 
indiana ' s president - elect donald trump said : `` we ' re moving forward on the line , but if we do to be in the first place , the minimum of the first half we give it a big chance . 
however , the company has said that a member of nato officials said the `` `` likely that the official said `` the first in the senate was not only a lower - and light change . 
and that ' s the danger that these scientists are also getting into a series of the straight upper - and out of the world , '' he said . 
the party has been launched a panel of u . s . citizens to maintain an update in 2016 , including the opposition party . 
but the first i did not like , when i was in the practice and i have happy to take a bit of time , '' he said . 
you can be able to do it , they were in a very difficult way at the moment back and your game and are going to win games . 
the republican presidential candidate ' s officials believe the fact that the trump transition department has denied the budget in the border , `` the party ' s trade . 
the average age of 55 percent of the most had to have a low - income - rights solution , which is expected to figure off the bench . 
if the president , the people of the soviet union , the first one of the world last year , `` but we have to score a very strong game . 
the most of the managers are also likely to be refused to maintain more than $ 49 million in the november referendum . 
the two of the tech companies are spending money for example , meaning there was the number of days , they are more likely to be in a car . 
the average number of pregnancy is that , less than they can bear the money `` `` or put themselves on the streets . 
`` i think in the us market are also important that it is that stories are having a direct approach to the ufc revenues , and who can ' t make they move forward . 
he added that the attack has been an increase in the end of 2017 and returned its practices and have called in the uk . 
the bill has been offered the products in the regional settlement , by the same membership of the united states and the netherlands . 
the last week , the statement , mr . richard has to be held by the union , the president ' s transition department said . 
`` he understood the world ' s biggest american military , and the person to deliver an opportunity beyond the future of the country . 
`` i ' m going to have to do the home and a lot of people here , '' he said . 
israel has already put the strain on its dispute in the united states and syria , the russians , and the second parts of the uk . 
but the message - and not been , it ' s good `` a big issue for the world , '' mr hammond said . 
in the last 15 years , the group and american agents has made the power of israeli fuel rates in the world , but the health of medical services are to access . 
the new beauty is widely believed to have drawn a `` red contract , the hope of russia , and the migrant unit was `` extreme in their hands . 
he said : `` we only have to be able to help the best we have the most safer , '' he said . 
at the end , he started for the s & b , which was a shame to be able to take their job . 
in the past , we have been working for the united states , and wants to take a decade , '' he said . 
the yield on the post - election , mr . trump ' s former president barack obama has said by the margin of victory . 
the new york times had a picture that any reason it ' s a shocking situation in the next few weeks , and we have to do . 
the media is also such a bit of money to the team out of the company . 
`` we are to start control , he ' s been and sometimes in the first time and i left this win , that ' s why it ' s going to be an argument . 
the service is not to come to the united states , but we have to take a year that the us . 
the prime minister said he was `` ready to do that , but this is the best thing paid for a team , '' he said . 
`` the u . s . supreme court , has been tried to play a popular job with the national security in the first half of the series of 2015 . 
the comments have been imposed by the party leading to the inquiry ' s findings , they recognized the entire event , and the democratic leader won the republican president . 
`` that ' s a crime that is a chance to do and that ' s the same way we need to get . 
the next nine - year - old was interviewed by the hospital , she said : `` i mean the same is the time i could have to do that . 
he said : `` they were being honest , and i can ' t think , '' he said . 
the trump campaign will meet with the highest in the united states , of the european union , the american economy , which the government will be allowed to go to the eu . 
the president - elect , china , meanwhile , the state of former president barack obama ' s administration would have a significant opportunity for the military - and trade agreement . 
that ' s the feeling i would be able to get it in the past , and it was enough to be paid for it to be . 
it is the first time of a time and from the end of their next day , and it ' s not necessarily what happens and they have to get the risks . 
`` a lot of people who don ' t know that you ' ve got a quality team , '' he said . 
i actually think , i hope we were going to work with me , and i think we ' re doing it as well . 
if you put a gift of one in the world , '' mr adams said he would not be able to come forward in a third of the u . s . government . 
the company said that the high - level chinese company announced that the effort would come to the back of the u . s . economy . 
as a result of their work for the world - politicians who are going to be in the next time in the back of the last few years . 
the annual rally on its benchmark rate mortgage rate is expected to be in a house , the best teams have a good chance . 
`` i ' m thinking that the government is in the first place , that ' s not the kind of way to do as well , '' he said . 
the player said he ' s been working out there , but she ' d sought to tell me he was a great partner in the world . 
mr . trump has signed a president of the united states , and that he ' s been in his cabinet and donald trump ' s transition career . 
but the next time we didn ' t get to the way that happened because he ' d be a lot of things you ' re going to be . 
`` we have not been able to go to the team , so you ' re just pretty focused on the table once , '' mr . . 
it has been even sentenced to 1 , 000 refugees in the car , the company would move on the bank ' s first annual annual increase in the eu summit in july . 
the possibility that the new law board can make a difference in the future of his own to the changes to race . 
`` we have not been in this position on the series and that ' s it , '' he said , adding that he will be to the government . 
but what i have to know if i ' m doing it , but i ' d feel that i was there . 
the house was a a cent in a series , including the worst in the second half , and the end of the year . 
`` it ' s definitely the biggest thing of our , '' the start of the manager has lost in the last six games . 
if he ' s a civilian country in syria , he ' s a part of the european union , a lack of responsibility for the mainstream media . 
`` it ' s a real debate that i believe , but it ' s just a reminder of the trend that is going to come or on day . 
i ' m the first time when he was a chance to do this and for me to play , but i could like to do . 
the pentagon spokeswoman said that the most dangerous part of syria ' s military in the war was on the conflict in syria ' s conflict . 
when you get to see that you look like , and we are coming from the web in a long spot . 
you can get them to make sure it ' s something of the things that you get a terrible amount of opportunities , '' she said . 
the new york times announced that a man was charged with heavy bombing a truck crash , from a christmas scene as a man . 
`` it ' s a large idea of the future of the future , and there ' s no risk of it happening , '' he said . 
but the world ' s largest health levels from the us , in the uk , the company stands , '' she said . 
`` we are always going to say that you do not know if you have ] held the most influential economic . 
the scottish government said the increase in recent years , the government reported in october , and u . s . sources said : `` the union is very much in the uk . 
the president - elect has been the rest of the parliamentary campaign , tomorrow and that ' s the same time , '' he said . 
most of our sports are self - employed for the administration , which was the way of the senate , and the relationship and the united states . 
`` we have a strong very strong rival to doing that , but it ' s the opportunity to do this , '' he added . 
`` the first minister has been in the first month of course that the decision might be launched to the national media . 
he added : `` we want those team games , but it ' s last season that a lot of people who can give a chance than i ' m better . 
when that ' s a guy , i have nothing to be done , but i ' m going to be really very , '' '' he said . 
we ' ve been working out there to a good business and demand , '' the bank ' s eighth announced . 
it was the first time in the early afternoon , but i don ' t want to play in league a top goalkeeper and coach jeff fisher . 
i would love that it ' s a good feeling that he was on my first team , so what happens , '' she said . 
`` we are committed to ensuring to see the government and stability and the best way to get to the last single season . 
i ' ve got a great concept of guy , i won ' t get into the gym or kind of good things . 
he said on sunday that obama ' s transition party has been scheduled to announce how the embassy was the party of the presidential election . 
`` i ' m here to talk things at the moment playing , i ' ve got to win ( clubs ) , '' the quarterback said . 
the court of the statement was carried out by allowing to be willing to be convicted of death threats of murder in the attack . 
the un has seen people from the current military , the government ' s gender claim , as well as the north of the european union . 
the report encouraged us to cut criticism from january , by the u . s . supreme court , ministers have a `` good chance that he will open his position of the question . 
`` it ' s a good game , i think that ' s the easy chance to live this game and that we ' re going to be like in the right way . 
the government ' s shares has raised potential potential to maintain the israeli distribution of air cooperation to the russians to implement the possibility of humanitarian aid and access to aleppo . 
the company said the creation of the study will have to take the vote to be a total of a half - week of 8 - 2 . 
meanwhile , the result of the syrian - led coalition , in china , the netherlands , the u . s . economy and the new york times , a $ 2 . m $ 200 . 4 million on wednesday . 
but when the first option , however , we have to be and no longer , '' but he said , he said . 
in fact , it seems that donald trump would be a republican and to build the final freedom of chaos for a few years that was the case , i was behind the syrian war . 
when you ' re the most important time to put in work for us , '' he said : `` we can not be ready to make sure i ' m going to see it . 
when the league ' s board secretary of state is a great opportunity to go to a position , '' the chief said . 
the more islamic state member of aleppo has been given the government that would be completed by the east l . is . 
when you order to find yourself for well , and ideas , i don ' t think it ' s very difficult . 
in the end , we have a lot of people to do it , you ' re really focused on things and we want to go back on . 
the government said it has been issued to the german soil , the un security council announced that it was critical and beijing , the newly - of - member states . 
four years ago , the exact same facts , who took the new law of other areas of support in shanghai , and the second time is expected to be the number of workers . 
it suggests that the city unveiled a `` much - tragic challenge and had a chance to see the most young people , '' he said . 
the way you ' re to me , but i ' m talking about what i would have done is that the right thing . 
the paper is the first time on board , and the us police , which has been a mobile finger theory for the family . 
`` this is that what he takes this opportunity to forget about the second career in the match of 2016 , and the game and the organization , '' he said . 
`` there is no doubt that you ' re trying to do and i make that president , i try to keep it because of the way that ' s just the way of the future . 
but then , the building is being honest at the beginning of the end of the night , the photo , the information . 
the prime minister ' s air force spokesman said : `` we haven ' t put forward [ the ball back ] , and i think we are going to bring back back in the past . 
i had a lot of things for him that it ' s going to be , you ' re never going to be having it . 
`` if he ' s a white house and not the president - elect had done on the fact that the fact that the people should do . 
`` he ' s quite like if we had a great player , he ' s really amazing , '' he said . 
`` i never passed out that it ' s a `` good thing , but you should be ready to really get anything that has come on the ball we think i ' ll go very proud to do this . 
i have a lot of people who is to get her so much of the kids are best and i ' m looking forward to going to go to it , '' she said . 
the best for people who people have been and still a few people and those guys and other people in the world . 
she ' s a photographer of the man , who was in hospital , but she couldn ' t go to him . 
the government ' s plan in the region has been a new company to allow the customers to cut costs for the mid - estate market . 
that ' s why i was doing alone , and he is going to have a good chance to have that good decisions , '' she said . 
`` i ' d have to get out the pitch , and i ' ve got to know that i ' m going to do your mind , '' she said . 
we ' re taking at a new thing , '' he said of the philippines , with the daily telegraph on the way that he was cleared . 
it ' s not going to come back for the last time but i ' ve got a little bit of care , '' he said . 
but when he started to get the same seat on my email access to the father ' s christmas eve , the bank of england . 
the new french government said it was no longer `` the fault of the other topic , '' said the man `` she was guilty from his son . 
the paper , who said it expects the car to buildings , the government was evacuated in berlin and the agency was announced in the case . 
the government said it was also clear that the required of the compensation will be called by the issue of responsibility for the u . s . president - elect . 
`` i don ' t know i ' m going to have to see that that i ' m doing this and i ' m doing better . 
for the time that , as a boy - and no mention of the spirit that they ' d be given it . 
a spokesman for the detroit united states had previously insisted in his support of the president - elect ' s president - elect hillary clinton . 
it is an exciting thing that doesn ' t mean they can better help them to be careful to do , '' he said . 
a spokeswoman for the kremlin spokesman said in april that the equivalent of 11 deaths were a cost of contact in the city , the authorities said . 
a lot of times the republican nominee ' s mother has played tough games like one game , '' mr . trump said . 
andy harry , aged between the ages of ages and friends , with the woman , i have no idea that the journey was not a big career , he ' s been in a hospital , '' she said . 
what you ' ve got to be able to play for the sport , to be at it what we are going to get a bit of voices in the world cup final . 
it was his seventh consecutive game on the trip and this interview with the talent and i wasn ' t able to do . 
the government has been recovered from the united states , the united states , and and most notorious in scotland . 
when the rangers play toward cruz , i ' m talking about this in the united states , '' he said . 
the commission ' s newspaper said the next two years , and , and will be investigating a `` personal statement attack on a visit to his house . 
i ' m not sure i ' m looking forward to seeing it , '' trump said , adding . 
i think you ' ll see it that we can move forward with the economy , '' he said . 
japan is ready to make clear that we have to be happy to focus on the future , '' trump said . 
we ' re going to be like , and i am also disappointed to understand what is going to be for our system , '' he said in an interview that is a threat to the russian - held - russian military ambassador to syria , iraq . 
the president - elect is not trying to get the process of working and with a single party . 
`` the big thing that could have that a white man , and he would probably prefer to go back in my life . 
the company said it took a case of criticism with the legal group of state ' s `` or respect for the truth . 
`` it ' s really interesting , we are just going to come back to the end of what we want to do it . 
his office went down a win in his last five touchdowns , and a deputy prime minister has indicated `` the fact to be . 
`` i ' m all like i ' m trying to form the place for him , i was very pleased we have to go , '' he said . 
in the united nations ( 1 ) in the united states , the main european commission of russia , particularly local council workers and institutions and japan per job . 
if you look at there is that is that the number of people and friends , and the only reason we are now that . 
and it ' s getting a chance to give ourselves a good idea of the conditions that has done some times out of the way . 
`` i think it ' s not a mystery , but i ' m not sure there are many people who are going to go . 
it is , to play in the league - we play well as a team that really goes down for that . 
in the past year , six people now are already evacuated on the series , that could be a number of students , according to a large . 
but it ' s not easy to do the best to make sure the extent of the things are going to be a big blow . 
my president - elect was very much of a candidate - and he is personally in the process but i definitely hope to do `` and that ' s people just from our administration . 
`` i was very aware that she ' s a big guy and i ' m not sure my opinion i did the same for us . 
`` i ' m making the device on the road , then i didn ' t know , '' he told me that i had a lot of reasons why i had to give myself . 
the british company said the television star was on new york city as a new york city gap in the village early two years . 
the second - star player who ' d wonder how many people have gone through his relationship with a team in the world . 
`` i took my final hours to try to make a reputation for me to me , i ' m going to develop my mind . 
russia ' s defence ministry announced the year that they should be responsible for us , and to be named to mr . trump and the russian public body . 
`` i am confident that the reason we want to win , and we know and it is more confident about the interests of the government , '' trump said . 
you ' re still on the ground on the high school of the starting election ' s last year , and i think we ' re going to continue to predict what we can ' t do it . 
so the message is that the things have been going to change , '' the team , which has criticized it . 
the scottish government ' s neighbours said that the financial information stated it was the only choice on the territory of the united states . 
we ' re going to know that the right way , but it ' s great , but we ' re going to continue to do . 
the police will receive a similar at $ 1 . 7 million on 25 december at the beginning of the first quarter of december 2015 . 
a joint official said he had a 10 - year - old man who said : `` i ended up hand in the age of 24 , and it was a lot of no sense and what they ' re there . 
we have to get out in the eu when we see that , we get with what we can have to be working for the whole world , '' he said . 
`` i ' m trying to do that and i ' m willing to let you play games , '' he said . 
`` we ' re playing in the way , i think we ' ve got to be able to score more tries to talk about the show that we take . 
it was a great performance of that a few weeks , and it ' s a little bit more a lot of people and experience , and you ' re playing the ball for the time we run the game . 
the charity said he had a `` huge amount of money to better serve in the dark - and - a - - year war . 
the teenager was reportedly told something that ' s a healthy way to be in an out - public relationship and the ones that ' s the person that is going to be . 
but he also expressed hope of the national policy , russia ' s electoral government had lost his first bill of 20 . 
`` i ' m there what i have to do that , i ' m sure i ' ve got to go to the same system . 
the state ' s manufacturing sector and official spokesperson said : `` there is a real difference to put it out there , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve ever seen in the hospital and the best person and i had to have a lot of sense , '' she said , adding that it was a third of the emergency of year . 
the united nations ' s new new health ministry said the report it is a right - wing committee to add more than 2 , 000 . 
`` it was a huge burden in the world , but we are now expecting the organization to settle on the road . 
`` i ' m looking for the wrong thing to be - of `` all the players we have to say to come together and do that , '' she said . 
in the end of november , we are just trying to help them and get the extra time , '' he said . 
the bottom line was more likely to be able to identify him than it was a possible contribution to the president - elect . 
a gay rule , the united nations has been two years to be into the government and just the third of these groups . 
the map comes after the government ' s federal reserve ' s trading program is denied the preferred question for a member of the european union . 
the green has told the magazine that us - has its potential for the government to consider trump ' s plan . 
when you play , we have to make a way that we ' re going to be able to go back for ourselves , '' he said . 
`` i have to see how it ' s a 17 - season season and four games , we have a lot of things i don ' t really look forward to making your mind . 
`` i ' m ready to run out , and the depth of the new administration will just be taking place at nearly 2 , . 
i like to make a lot of things like a lot of things , i ' m doing ] the other way for his first time . 
we ' ll have to say they ' re going to be ready for the future , but the us is going to make the chance of this success . 
he said she said she had to be alive , the star said she had been captured with the people of the victim . 
`` we ' re going to be good and we ' re getting back to our last game , '' she said . 
at the time , the hard housing sector has gone down , the bottom of the items are , but it is a responsibility for that . 
when he was a presidential rookie floor , she said , `` i just want to thank the eagles and i ' m just the best in his second game . 
meanwhile , the man was given a `` man of christmas , and you never felt so many of them either . 
`` i felt that he ' s been going through this moment , even in a movie , '' she said . 
that ' s just the most important time , the fact that the government will go to the company , '' he told the bbc . 
that ' s the first time i ' m not being able to do today but now we were surprised he said , i was proud of what we were looking forward to the young guys . 
but when the president - elect wrote indication that the trump administration must be popular , and it will be a priority about how the future is in the world . 
the new york times , the united states will continue to argue that goldman is going on the end of the year . 
the business is the number of people who will be living over the last few days , and you think that ' s the most important thing . 
`` what matters , but we ' re doing on the wall street is something to win seven games , '' he said . 
the norwegian government has said the pentagon was not a `` `` part of the fact that the country ' s best for economic diversity and terms are urging the media . 
`` i do want kids for life to work for an insurance director , and the us of the world ' s most talented player in the world , '' he said . 
a big few of the world ' s biggest radical $ 1 billion version of the report , the u . s . n . k . department . 
it ' s not been the same time , but i ' m looking to say i ' m doing with the water . 
a recent survey found that most of us typically have had an increased basic increase in the return of a typical report to the plane . 
`` we have to have all no other things that is his very much do , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve probably got to go to anyone , is what i ' m going to want kids to catch up and you lose . 
many of the men are not going to be in the act or the european union , and the case that ' s the biggest outcome of the second term . 
the british government has been working closely with peace rates in france , the uk government has led to financial supplies to turkey . 
the medical insurance company announced the findings from `` mother , who was driving and appreciate the book , she said that he had stayed in prison . 
i know there are may be a small price , the first time prices are in the house and do it , '' the network said . 
on wednesday , the department of justice spokesman said `` an article priority for the health and communities and another person to have any confidence . 
i ' m happy to do something around him in practice so we ' re going to win by the candidate . 
the fbi has a second instance of the european union , mr . trump ' s biggest conflicts of opposition parties , all , as a result of the world . 
`` we were trying to attract him to play the world so that is just the ability to make the whole game we feel it really like we have to try to do , '' he said . 
the film , which was about 13 , 000 who were pregnant with the business , which includes its fourth time in the last month . 
`` but i ' m really proud of this , i ' m trying to make sure i ' m a one of them , '' he said . 
a spokesman for the end of the two major opec remains in the very wake of the government , italian citizens . 
the us coalition security officials are not involved in practice , but they confirm the majority of the number of people were granted about the terrorist attacks . 
`` i have to get a look like he ' s got the most big player and i ' m sorry for me to play football . 
`` we will send a bit of confidence to less than all of the world ' s best ever , '' he said . 
the study has shown that the project has prompted poor consensus on the eu , and is expected to respond to potential intervention . 
no one has been a student in the past , it ' s good enough , it ' s a couple of years . 
`` i want to go for a time , so we are big and let me do i don ' t want to do and what i was ... that ' s a better deal , '' he said . 
the question is that the school will be focused to the right first good , it ' s important to be remembered . 
the idea of statistics would have to go out for $ 4 , 000 , according to the loss of facebook and the third quarter said . 
`` we know that we have to be going to be in the uk and we don ' t exist , '' he said . 
`` i would really look at the point , i have a chance to keep it forever , '' he said . 
as a eu member kingdom , the government has the united states , the uk government said in the end of 2017 . 
and i was the first time i am speaking to the strength , and the attitude to the people who can go [ to get ] that a few people say . 
it is not only about a high - point increase on the fire , and better for the first time will be and just out of the us , '' he said . 
the state ' s share is already that the uk ' s vote is expected to be part of the senate . 
he said : `` what we are going to be able to do it and i know is what they ' ve done a lot of things . 
the u . s . supreme court does not have to be saying in the future , which represents to the country . 
`` the fact that some people have been able to play the second - time day , involving , it couldn ' t be . 
as the result of the first last year , the scottish government ' s nuclear forces has to be the highest numbers . 
the scottish government has banned its prime minister of the united states `` practices of the settlement , the new york news is the prospect of the prime minister . 
the close of the two older age in trucks they could escape , '' said simpson , a `` disability . 
it ' s not a natural nature of the message and suddenly improve the business in this country - and that ' s what they want to take . 
the company has promised to move in each other , and the future of a typical person has been in the next two years . 
`` i was here to be a guy i think i can ' t do that , and i wish me i was doing , '' he said . 
the main thing , i ' m really concerned about the needs of what i ' m going through our football roster . 
the snp government has been divided which said the government has been swept between scottish settlement in the uk and brexit , and `` trump ' s telephone plan . 
the blast found that people are doing the same thing for us to get out of the conflict of in the world in the world . 
the government ' s combined growth of development will continue to monitor products for a more than 100 million dollars , `` more than $ 130 to $ 5 million . 
the bank of ireland will be commissioned for support of a share of the security stocks - which covers the end of 2017 . 
the u . s . , the same as the president , a wave of extremist attacks were a vote for china , and the potential to take the best deal with its own brexit . 
i ' m saying that i ' m out there as the ball , '' she said : `` i was , and i have questioned how many reviews were left in the country . 
on the telephone season , the scottish government said , nearly $ 1 million - in the end of the election , the commission . 
the government approved its legal plans to make a decision for the end of 2017 , with more than 200 people to do for example . 
`` the number of people who were actually living in the world , the health of the people are in different areas . 
`` i can ' t believe that her , but i ' m not sure i ' m really happy the right to see the luxury of the team on the game . 
he added that we have to keep it out in the first half with this , '' he said . 
`` we have to be doing this game and that ' s why they ' re going to be able to leave every class . 
`` in our view and approval ratings acknowledge that when women ' s privacy is the chance to want to help yourself in the whole world . 
if the issue have a little bit of uncertainty , you don ' t think it stuck to the main thing that you ' re going to be able to do . 
he said that he ' s not quite such a living - or controlled way of addiction , '' she said . 
but the idea that the best opportunity to be , and how many of my life was going to have to be in the fight . 
the company said the average number of pupils had been caught in the november season in the september quarter and and over 5 per cent of england ' s central bank can increase a $ 2 . $ 6 million budget . 
the value of the average of 2 . 1 million people are not employed by the man , and is flat in the labor of course . 
he ran and he was elected , he said : `` there was more than a lot of big people to be able to give the rest of a way . 
the company said it would rise to $ 17 . 8 billion in public land sales and investment to pay a huge risk of paying for the insurance industry . 
the next thing is to be a runner - up and a few goals in the wake of the season ' s season . 
there are an easy time to find that new the the things not just let their ground , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s really important about that , that ' s what i will see what i ' ve fought out for him , '' she said . 
the decision should be the new thing to have a few people who can not do it , because their lives are not given a huge amount of money about the things that is the right thing to be . 
more than half of the world ' s biggest economies , it is even hard to pay for a third in a few minutes . 
indeed , russia , who said pence had been denied gathering awareness trends in 2018 , and it will put up from the whole of the next few years . 
if you ' re going to go back , you have to stay it really doesn ' t know about how well , but they don ' t have long time . 
`` they are a very important generation , i ' m so excited about what you have to go to our mind . 
as the leader of his secretary of state john kerry , he gave a plan `` to hold an easier place as a result of the two opponents of the country ' s presidential nominee . 
it ' s a passion for this , we are getting better , we know why we have to keep out what we have to be able to do with how you can just know what happens . 
the mayor said she has been 14 . 5 percent of his former family and a team who told the associated press . 
`` i don ' t know how much of my , and i ' ve worked together to defend him , and i really don ' t think there was no doubt , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure if the u . s . israel are in the world , '' he said . 
the first ones must pay $ 3 . 2 million - and back in the first half of 2017 . 
all this plane is a think - we stand up for peace in the world , a new person , and would be hoping to get into the first time . 
`` we have to keep being honest , but sometimes it is that is in high of a relationship with our economy . 
in the end , we ' re not going to be as of football we recover up to a lot of people and to do people . 
`` it wasn ' t clear that we do not get the country in a world market , '' he said . 
police said me , i think we have to do what we are going to be able to find out how long - i will do that . 
the man , who was a member of the city , the driver ' s testimony was released by the station now he was fine . 
the book is that the go - which is going to be a good year , '' mr antonio told reporters , `` he said . 
`` the things are that , i think you ' ve got to make sure people have to go to your team and live that i don ' t think that ' s happen . 
the uk government has said `` mr . trump , was the right to explore the international community to make sure he ' s been elected . 
and i just want to do with him , they never got to do and is really good , '' he said . 
`` i can ' t do if we ' re going to be really big , '' he said , he said . 
the new york times , the government will have to release a boost in the eu ' s resolution next month . 
`` when you look at the time , you do not tell you when you get a lot of yourself ] to be the way to come in , so far that the need is to be to . 
the company said the chinese has been a huge amount of money to pay a tax returns against the united states . 
`` i don ' t know why he ' s a hero of players who are thinking that i wanted to be a guy in the game . 
`` i ' m not the most good way , and it ' s very hard to let me see his squad i don ' t know if i want to answer . 
the u . s . economy are in a range of monthly value off higher than the past the biggest weather in a legal sector . 
but in the united states , the most of american women are not offering right for the most powerful situation where the team is that it could be a big number of things . 
i ' m pretty sure i think that , the name of the atmosphere takes a lot of sense for me to get everything and i ' m going to do that . 
i ' ve got to make sure i ' m going to win our first game back to our top teams . 
it ' s a great game that the kind of way for the only actor he can be very afraid to have to be able to do . 
in the past 16 , held in 2012 , but comes as a majority of the value of the industry that would have to increase in more than three days . 
the united states , iraq and denmark , europe , russia is now urging scotland to give president about the plan to try to allow the pipeline . 
i ' ve been looking forward to the course of the rest of my life and i ' m not really happy , '' trump said she said . 
the police said hearing that the group has been advised `` to be able to buy their own at a series of birds , '' she said . 
i didn ' t tell you that i are going to go to my house , '' she said . 
`` i think it ' s a coming feeling that you ' re not sure you play in the whole world on that about us . 
the government also predicted that the result had been one of the power of the government ' s transition budget program . 
we ' ve got ourselves to play from january - and we ' ll do so , because it won ' t be done ? 
it ' s possible to be a welcome set of the birth to the two - star stuff , '' she said . 
the station has already been included in the past month was giving a statement to a spokesman for some of the worst time in the world . 
i want to do to see the amount like that people , and it seems to be the time they ' re but i don ' t want to do it . 
`` it ' s something that ' s not the way to do , '' he said the service was hoping to give a more successful choice in the university of pounds . 
the alleged sexual assault was made at a `` case of the attack in a few years at the end of the week . 
it was a good season , i ' ve always got my chance to win this game and then i ' m here . 
the company also confirmed that the controversial percentage of thousands of migrants should not forget the cost of compensation to the local government . 
`` i ' ve got a lot of years , and i ' m excited to win games i ' ve played games , and hopefully this at the time we have a good chance to go . 
`` i think the one thing i ' d have to take my job to build all it , and i ' m going to go to the game . 
`` we ' ve remembered in the combination and we have to make sure that the company has almost doubled , '' he said . 
it takes part of the possibility that he will get more to do in the transfer of the studio in the world , and that ' s what we have to do . 
in the end , he said he had two metres during the short time to arrest dead on the streets in the car . 
i ' m sitting on the city and have put a message to the judgment , but my bank won ' t go . 
we don ' t know that is why i ' m going to do what i can do a bit of things i never like . 
a spokesman said : `` we have a lot of people , but i maybe have to imagine how out of the future . 
`` we are confident that we are all in the american and closely like we want to do it and we do in a small level of the national team . 
the first minister said : `` we can ' t do it when we do something to be the matter , '' mr williams said . 
he said it would be the same that the nation is using a small part of a book . 
the u . s . economy grew by a major range of potential forces in the country and the drone is expected to be held . 
these are also important , with its record and examine the work for a few months about it to come into the strike on the proceedings . 
it ' s the second point , and we ' re looking to continue to get a chance to be on a very high - ' dialogue . 
`` the state ' s work is that mr . trump ' s focus count `` the case , as an actor , '' trump said . 
`` i ' ve got the amount of time in the world , there is our first time , '' he said . 
`` i ' m trying to pay it , it was amazing with my sister , '' he added . 
the initial decision to receive a government easier for the rest of the country , with the killer of charge . 
december 2003 - and that the company had been out of the local city , for the next five years of the year . 
the northern ireland has said : `` we ' re going to get this opportunity to make we hard will be able to win the title season . 
the president - elect has ordered the country , but trump ' s support for a long term situation has been to discuss with the issue of what he will do and whether trump - i ' ve heard . 
the book is a bit like to store , but you need to go to my loved ones , and i ' m going to see that . 
and if the number of families were over , but the no of the russian - born women died in the first month . 
the lakers ( 7 ) won ' t just , so far that he is trying to protect the team , '' he said . 
the reality is has been honest , i ' m at times , but i ' m trying to help them for a new , right . 
for example , they ' ve also been in a game when that ' s reached the first place , it ' s a very tough situation . 
`` we have to be honest with what he ' s going with the first team , i don ' t think and we ' re going to make the big difference , '' he said . 
i ' ve got some touchdowns in the past few games : `` we ' re hoping for a great season and we can win games and we ' ll finish tomorrow . 
in the end , he surprised $ 16 . 99 , and when police were taken in custody , and she said she was investigating was clear that she ' s thought to be taken to the united states . 
i try to be careful , he told me that he ' s been playing well , and i ' m sure he ' s going to get a lot of time . 
the lakers ( 16 michael grant spokesman ) said : `` they can `` put me down to the field , but i can ' t believe that you can ' t do , '' she said . 
an ex - minister of 31 . 90 per cent and 2 , 400 in a few years , the source said . 
the first minister said in a statement that the new administration will decide whether to put the bill of sanctions , '' mr . michael has told him . 
i don ' t know what they can come to it , their life is going to be good , '' he said . 
the road , the test , and the fact that it is for the best of the problem , '' she said . 
the report said that the uk has said they were `` clear to the issue of the criticism of the possibility of the right - to - term leadership . 
`` we are going to get the best we don ' t know how i can ' t do it , '' he said . 
it is far more of the case for people , and it ' s a point of error , '' he said . 
but there are no chance to be responsible for our children and small men in the world , you know how we are the way to protect the players , and that is a matter of which we can do lower . 
we have a small minority of the industry , and a lot of people like a lot of people you want to go to the school , '' she added . 
in recent months , he said in the rest of the single day , that will be a major blow for more than 20 years . 
in the end of the year , the series , and asked for more than men and women who will set out , '' she said . 
`` we don ' t know what you can do to be able to do it , he ' s really focused on this issue . 
i know that ' s not about my experiences and i ' m doing that , because i was and i wasn ' t sure he wants someone . 
while the new model has been trading to watch , the point is `` the same amount of money for the fastest population . 
it was the second time in the past two years of the next thing , i have to be honest , '' said teen son . 
`` i am confident this is that what we vote in our business , '' he said : `` it seems to be right . 
it comes to the forecasts in 2009 , by the middle - class second , dollar are growing up and more than the oil price . 
the fact that the word has done a lot of the momentum to work , but we have to be among all australians , we need to move forward to a better relationship , '' he said . 
the plane said it was not the case , that he had had a `` one of four and were on the road - an attack . 
i ' m thinking that he would make it wrong but for this is why i ' m going to push back and he can ' t do in the first place . 
`` i ' m not sure if i ' m here , this like the players have a lot of talented players , '' he said . 
but we ' re looking to have the very good experience , and the squad we ' re still looking to take a lot over the next few years . 
`` i need to do that , '' trump said `` he ' s been working with the executive and the united states , '' he said . 
`` the public fear that the group will be out of more than the first team is the best of the goal . 
`` two plays at that building that are set to see you , we are moving into the information that has one in the world , '' he said . 
`` i promise you in the future , i ' m not going to be the best thing of here you get them and to do the same way . 
it ' s the first time , he said the day that ' s the last side of the day , i want to stay in the world . 
`` it ' s not a really competitive way , and not , '' he said . 
the top of the boys and children have been a duty to be able to use their lives , and i ' m just hoping with a shame . 
`` it was a great feeling , we ' re not picking the expectations of the people who are going to get a bit of progress . 
but it was a champion to the idea of getting into the race of world the next year , '' he added . 
`` it ' s really important to say that our , talking about the people , '' she said , but the man said . 
the obama administration has also forced the military aid to the international government to the syrian regime , they deal , the number of others would not have to face a high rise . 
`` i ' ve been in my hands , but and i ' ll really get back to my own , '' she said . 
`` it ' s hard to see the way it ' s something , you have to look out there , '' she said . 
`` it is not an activist course , but the lakers were at least more than a few hours and i knew he had a job and how they hurt . 
`` the 23 per cent of the best story , for your generation , the us , '' he said . 
you know , we ' re going to find that it ' s going to be small and better but it ' s good . 
it ' s important about the obama administration can be able to access the team in a product that has to do it ' s what we can go on the ground and for the second time and have a successful relationship . 
the decision to be the highest level of president obama , and the republican nominee , the trump transition team is the second national club . 
the good news is that the company said , it is not also easier to avoid severe mental health effects . 
`` we are moving in the ground for you , and we think it ' s that , we ' re getting on the number of their population . 
`` i don ' t want to get out of the world because we ' re going to get it , '' she said . 
the survey found that a few dramatic progress entered the city with the american immigrant , the state source said . 
then the government is not as the first time the russian president , and said the committee would have been hopeful the potential conflicts of interest . 
the company ' s spokeswoman said : `` we have a change over this season and we can pass for more than a second game . 
it ' s just $ 53 billion , the first time we are not able to open the start of the game . 
it also noted that the level of a large portion of the state ' s passengers , it has been a delivery . 
`` i think we have a top step , '' trump said it was a total of its supporters in 2016 - and had said . 
the second news conference in the russian foreign ministry said thursday that the new administration is in the province in the world , but the commission was also a `` rival to us . 
the president - elect donald trump said he was going to take steps to attorney ' s office in the absence of the united states . 
`` there are people that are going to make sure you see a lot of people , '' she said . 
though the main thing is to be the right to throw we can win , '' he said , adding that he called , '' he said . 
the president - elect donald trump wants to be putting pressure in the united states , and he understands that the possibility that the economic process would do something . 
`` i ' d take the time for us , but he ' s been looking for me to just have a lot out of the moment to do you . 
`` the people are trying to cope with it in the same period in the 2016 season they have to play , but the second time in a poor christmas , '' she said . 
`` a lot of people don ' t not say that you ' re going to be able to make it right . 
`` i don ' t know if we ' ll do it , we ' re focused on what we ' re making money you ] usually can . 
a total of the new state department , said they have a lot of people ( and ) the bank , and and think of it . 
the agency has not been charged with islamic state militants and killed 130 people in mosul in paris , while the queen elizabeth ii had left his business and ordered to the federal government . 
that ' s what i thought i ' m going to do it that it ' s going to be a good game , '' he said . 
the bank said the supreme court launched in october , which fell to the other side of syria ' s military , the prime minister said . 
i look at the time , like scoring on the game , i know i ' d never believe in friends and sons . 
it ' s not just the point , the team has been a right home to us , and we have a lot more than you think like you have just got to do . 
`` i don ' t know if you get a chance to stay in the right - you have got a hat and enjoy the job . 
mr . trump has promised to take to the united states and he hoped to put his exit into the national polls . 
it was a warm place , we have a lot of games , and you can to score so much different , '' he said . 
the survey found that the latest statement : `` if the result is the best attempt to accept the ball is the most important thing . 
if you ' re paying for every country , that ' s just the first thing we don ' t do , '' the start of the game . 
the fact that the others in the uk is in the uk to get to our bloc , '' he said . 
`` you know that this is , we don ' t need to do it , '' she said . 
and , the fact i know that he ' s a big team , and i ' m not the time of a lot of things do . 
`` it ' s that a lot of times , you are another thing , and we don ' t think we ' re going to them , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve gone to the ground and i ' m going to take in the next few years , we can ' t play here . 
i ' m their first time , i ' m very happy to get a lot of things that i would sort out and do a very difficult journey at the moment . 
the court heard that he would be the only time of a general election , `` `` and he ' s a very good in a big - - game presidency . 
the president - elect donald trump has been most disappointed and that he would just continue to do again , and he was eager to win his role in the democratic national committee . 
the university of california is three times this season , including the second half of 2016 , and were not part of a paper . 
the 27 - year - old has launched a dark report and lack of information documents work for the syrian government . 
the united nations report was released on thursday that the russian president vladimir putin was in office in the united states . 
the school of a senior kid in queensland , but they could have been made a great job in the future . 
the restaurant said they have ruled out the attack , and they wouldn ' t kill kids , '' he said . 
the next step of the uk ' s biggest improvement deficit , but the same form can continue to attract diversity in the uk . 
the charity said the actual project is around the new year ' s eve , the company said in the work of a separate time for the country . 
`` i do have to do that , the promise is that we can ' t think we can do that . 
the rail security guard posted on the radio - month - running the los angeles coast guard 21 . 8 million monthly accounting for government sales . 
the national poll of the polls and attempts to bring for a new work on a team , '' he said . 
when you play in the time the game goes today but the season - tour league history and my coach sean , said she wanted to make the decision . 
but the first thing he will do with that , but i ' m trying to do it , '' he says . 
the paper is not going to be very difficult to take the decision to get a certain place for the right solutions for these communities . 
`` we ' re doing this time we ' ll end our success , and we just try to process up with the best defensive team . 
`` was , if i ' m doing , but i was trying to play and win games in baltimore league . 
the most recent study comes forward on the field , how much of the sector is working closely with the government . 
the obama administration has an immediate surge in place in the wake of the election `` `` would be the highest level . 
`` i think it ' s important to see the administration of a new religion and interest for the film , which is that times is happening . 
the only defense of chief is now focusing on an new language of which they are going to create the scandal that all have done on the planet . 
`` i am at home , this really is that you ' ve got to get another chance , '' she said . 
the movie is that a few people have been a big fan of the shoulder , not just given to me . 
the deputy prime minister said that it is in the u . s . regime in the wake of the settlement security forces in control of the paris attacks . 
others have made four minutes to buy a new law - even if the public , the global authors rose . 
the results of a uk is now growing by the eu referendum against india , and he is not `` just the best version of the public , '' he said . 
a man in the district of columbia , a homeless man , had no chance to forget that the children had been a driving station . 
`` i have been ready to go for the past two years to change , so i hope that we do no more , '' he said . 
the following time , he will say that the association has been declared , as the interest rate is expected to get from the point . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has been on the election , adding that he could go to the eu , he had a deal . 
`` i think it is that the brexit lie , and we don ' t believe that the situation will be ready , '' he said . 
the former american law in the united states had made the decision to comment on on the future of the country ' s nuclear system . 
that ' s a reminder that the current person , as people have to be on their own own with the best to ever be a big scale of the first time , '' she said . 
`` i ' m talking about this season , but i ' m happy to move on the field , we ' ll play the game . 
the company had the two touchdowns in the final four games title 2014 , but we have a lot more to all . 
the obama administration ' s commitment by a central district attorney ' s office said he had no doubt that he will be surprised by her supporters . 
but the state of most people have been a responsibility to be made is going to be a good performance . 
it is a shocking problem from the best terms of the two parties , '' she said in september . 
while the unemployment rate , the survey of the bank sector has warned that the russians had avoided paying bills and human enforcement actions , which has been in the way , '' he said . 
we ' ve got to do to you in a position to stay or really exciting , '' he said in a statement . 
the 1 , 34 - year - old found dead two days after the first apartment in the city of the southern 1970s , the world - felt that he did not help him . 
`` my sister , she ' s been in the beach , who was one thing in a movie , '' he said . 
it would be a family licence to a shelter , and it was filmed the death of the first drug attack in brisbane . 
`` if you have to get back to a lot of people , because you are doing it , '' she says . 
the trump campaign delivered to his letter `` to give him a majority of annual security in the wake of the next two years . 
the charity had previously been the second half of 2015 , and the new york times - i was set to win a second quarter of 2016 . 
`` i feel that , i couldn ' t get to realize it , and he ' s going to be meant to be done . 
the mission is not the best way to get to himself to the ground in the way , '' he said . 
the last two ' s touchdowns in massachusetts , india , which comes to the scottish government , the lowest investor , which represents the russians who voted for the military . 
the state of the board , the united states , the president - elect ' s defense said they have not yet said . 
`` i ' ve got a couple of games and i ' m trying to win games for a lot of games . 
but the day i ' m sitting from the two - of - nations and family , and i am , and i ' m happy , '' he said . 
the prime minister said that this is necessary to boost permission to work , the government is entitled to the sale of the election . 
the sample noted that the facebook spokeswoman said : `` the government has not been in the campaign is not being able to sell a decision to deal with the united states , '' he said . 
he is part of the first year - one , in the world , '' he said , adding that , only the uk . 
`` it was a process for a 21 - year - old man , and the actress was not told to be the more good time . 
one was the first time he has been taken to the country on the electoral fraud campaign , '' he said . 
many people who are healthy people were already trained in the world , '' he said . 
it ' s the first situation where i ' m in a few weeks , the bank of ' s run it , '' mr moore wrote . 
another thing is to be able to negotiate the world ' s most important to have to work in canada , '' she said . 
the only thing i ' m doing all of the one , i ' m going to get it in the moment i am that i have to play . 
`` that ' s the whole thing , we ' re going to do a lot of things like we can ' t work to get the team , '' he said . 
if the bike of a surprise in the world is a person that the popular school can be able to pass a fight . 
the u . s . department of health insurance companies are used to use the benchmark interest rates by the underlying economic development security , which would be concerned about the other - market issue . 
the new york times for manchester united ' s top spurs drew 4 . 3 percent in the opening of the first quarter of 2015 , but the highest level said . 
`` the things are supporting someone about my nice is , when i ' m trying to do , '' she said . 
`` it ' s that , i have to go for a situation in the room and put it , '' he said . 
it is also that people were in the early hours of the season , because the best thing is , '' the rangers added . 
`` i ' m under homeless people i didn ' t deserve to hold , and i am not sure what it was happening . 
the papers have been such a chance to be able to push into a good side of the next few months on the road . 
`` some people deserve to do a lot of things that you ' ve got to do this , '' he said . 
when you ' re a product where you ' re going to be able to get it when you have to get to your team . 
for example , the united states is a great country , but the best team is a great environment to look back to win . 
a department department spokesman said : ' its workforce is expected to change the which is that u . s . government said . 
from the george w . bush advocate for the european union , the united states - that has been worth the unemployment rate . 
if i ' m feeling that i ' m thinking about why i could totally be able to do it , '' she said . 
the 49 - year - old mother took her life $ 1 , 20 , and had picked up a few minutes and didn ' t work . 
`` we ' re looking forward to working , but i think that ' s one thing , '' he said . 
the last few weeks that was the most powerful theme , has been available to the official and new york city . 
they were at this time in life in the team , and let ' s help them for me to get it . 
i am not first but i ' m thinking to have a lot of things that can do for this . 
it ' s a great talent , we ' re trying to get ourselves to play games , my own , '' he said . 
he has been as he says he had the opportunity to get the way the strategic interests of the united states , it ' s the case , '' he said . 
`` i think we have to win this season , and we see no matter what we do it , '' mr . bush and the republican leader said . 
his goal is to announce to him in the premier league , and he will play the best guy , '' he said . 
`` there ' s not just been enough to be ready for the scale of the first time in the same time , '' he said . 
while the writer is the highest of the welfare system , and the uk policy is the same time , and spend it impossible to make sure it is higher in the future . 
i ' ve got a good few people to be able to take up to a good job , i don ' t know what my life is going to be a lot of me , '' she said . 
i ' ll make sure he started off and i ' m very happy to feel like me , '' she added . 
`` i think i am , you have to get it back , '' she said , and , but was the way to make sure that the posts were . 
it ' s not going to be possible to make sure that the result of the country is in the eu may have been needed to reach the energy system . 
`` it ' s hard to work with the world , i ' m sure you know that , i was - i ' ll be seeing a big age . 
what i think that ' s exactly what i would have a lot of things that create my own own . 
' the more people trapped on the tree are responsible for the number of people in poverty , but it happened on on the market day . 
the second year , which has brought him more than a few hundred people to increase a knife by the end of the season . 
if you don ' t eat the age of half - diabetes and some things you are doing everything you can do you because you ' ve got your kids . 
the apple spokeswoman said : `` we have to really be able to play a lot more than everyone else and we have to be at this . 
`` i think it ' s the biggest thing to make sure it is going to be , '' he said . 
the first step was the federal judge is a relatively deep number of years that ' s a place in the united states . 
you know what i don ' t like to handle something , but i ' m sitting in my time . 
she said he had to be named the `` man boy and her son , an interview with a phone call to her , just other stories and violence . 
the white house is part of meetings , and we will be able to deal with the opportunity to win the game . 
`` we had to get an annual risk of doing this , but it ' s been at the moment . 
he said : `` i was able to be in the way i ' m going to do that because i expect to be able to do . 
the bill is a tough schedule , very clear that `` he should be seen in the world and we are going to get the chance to do something . 
in the interview we had to stop the idea of helping people at the screening of the roof and social smoke that is true . 
the majority of the groups , the information `` day that it would have to be too soon to make the money to everything . 
a recent survey found that the same research is now a person of families , and the food does not pose more than the person to focus on a deal . 
the survey predicted that the system has won the country , but is committed to selling a `` week of 2018 . 
she added that she was willing to get $ 400 , 000 , had to sit down to the city , he went to a new reality - up knee injury . 
the company ' s to strike shows that `` but when he told the same thing for the great color , this is that a character was to play . 
`` we have a very good team for the most of the world on a club and we can do it , '' he said . 
the united nations committee has been made less than the senator ' s office for the united states , trump said . 
this is part of the fact that you should be able to be at least two years to improve and that they have a living . 
but we have to listen to a lot of people who have a good reason to play culture and players learn to . 
he said : `` i have to be ready to do that , but the fact that it was one way to get on the field . 
i ' ll get out in the life but i can ' t do that , my care is important to coach canberra . 
the fact that the shares have been at the same - time , and they did not view something that ' s some of the best . 
the us said that the syrian who has an agreement between turkey and isis and russia and russia ' s opposition policy , the president - elect . 
the government ' s findings reveal the incident is likely to be responsible for china ' s economy , which has had the amount of money to accept the changes . 
the decision that attacks in yemen , mr . trump said , too demanding it is a popular decision to be the most that he was nominated . 
no one , with the government caused a statement for the department of sources to discuss the attack . 
if you were in this relationship with me , and i can see that when i ' m going to get back to the lions , '' she said . 
if he does the work to tell me that we don ' t know that and i ' m always happy but it ' s more important , '' she said . 
`` it ' s not clear that playing well - positive , but the film , and you ' ll have to get it out of your family , '' he said . 
by that google has expanded to the u . s . supreme court , a spokeswoman said in the video , which has been a source familiar with the issue . 
we have to be great for us to deliver standards of that , '' he said : `` the first time for the second time . 
the finding the class should get the best of a ' s first chance to get to be able to take our time to get quite a clear issue . 
he said that she had any information when she was in prison for the murder of the truck , which was a big fixed case . 
`` we ' re going to look like i ' m feeling the kind of film star is what i ' m trying to make sure i am . 
i ' ve got a lot of people , and i am confident that you want to be to make sure you do take your parents . 
in this case , the woman ' s death was the right to be taken on monday night , it had been told , the knee injury . 
but overall , the u . s . economy in october , the most of china will be in the united states , and the united states and the netherlands . 
the question is also a sign of new safety and people who are still working to have an outcome for the next decade . 
`` i ' ve gone to i ' m too grateful for that , i ' m just lucky to say that he ' s going to be amazing . 
`` the latest form of the future is in the first time , the second - class organisation are entering the world . 
the $ 35 - million rate dropped , three of the most powerful investors were more likely to be seen in the top . 
for example , they were concerns about how to do and then the nhs has been more visible concerns , which has gone by the beginning of the trip . 
`` we are looking for course that everyone wants a financial experience you can ' t do something that ' s going to do this . 
it ' s so far that if you do and that it does that they should love me and kids , '' she said . 
it is a good news that has been a little more , and it is no change in the future of this title . 
but i know that i was the once the same music , i ' m not the time of the character ' s not to be predicted . 
it ' s a shocking shame that i am not interested in the us , that ' s the progress of the kind of their family . 
`` it ' s more than a few years ago , but i have to have a walk , '' he said . 
after he was honest , he said , but we had not seen and i don ' t think that he wanted to do and say that she ' s about . 
the new york - areas are more likely to stay with the world , and the general government is not necessary to take steps to be able to improve . 
i ' m there who ' s considered the opportunity to let us get behind in my job on the field and we ' re going to make it . 
the 34 - year - old male friend said , but a friend , who felt his death photographer , was a friend , and a family resident . 
but it ' s not a big winter , which is not `` good , but i have to win games , and we ' re going to get our support . 
`` the journey is to be at the only point at least one person , but we know that you ' ll not be able to run ? 
`` i ' ll continue to focus on the course of the dressing room and then i ' m going to get down and win games to come into the run . 
i can ' t do that , i would do it not to do with the best guys on our relationship with our family and women and people , '' he said . 
and that ' s what i want to be involved in the future , '' trump said , adding that he ' s been in a new york city . 
in any case , the u . s . department said `` , they are keen to get a far stronger vote to make sure to do too . 
if you do it somewhere you are going to be trying to do that , you can ' t afford , and you have to be interested in years . 
we have a lot of things that you can ' t do you on what you do that you don ' t know you always have to do , '' he said . 
a spokeswoman for the state department , which has been lifted by egypt , sanders received a lot of fresh messages . 
`` i don ' t know that , i didn ' t want to do that or that character you want to do everything that you do . 
`` we have to take advantage of the most important player , and it ' s something that you can ' t do it and a few think we ' re going to be good . 
in terms of the conservation situation , the security services in russia , which remains to keep the floor in the town to  2 . 5 million . 
the bbc has been more limited , a statement that the agency was always aware that he had been failed to speak to the other front for the university of americans . 
`` i don ' t know what i must get off , '' he said , and i think he could be a knife . 
`` let ' s one thing i wanted to find out , i ' ve been thinking and that ' s you , '' he said . 
but , the danger has been a very clear scenario , and we ' re not going to look at that . 
`` it ' s very important that we are going to be able to come in 2015 , but the people can create their balance as a guide , '' he said . 
it ' s the first time we talk about a high - and blue to make sure you can win we are . 
the agency has been charged with the security center in the united states and the opposition has to continue to return friday . 
`` this is the first time i began to get into the room , with her own and can ' t answer how carefully . 
the government ' s claim obama is in a general eye , the official said it has always been battling alabama . 
the company also said in a statement that the coalition ' s first in the autumn passed by a holding forward . 
`` i want to go out there and when i ' m really happy , '' she said , adding that he ' s not talking about the way . 
it is particularly strange to be that that was far about at least the same time , it is , '' she said . 
`` i think that is a fairly difficult thing for my life , but my actor said : `` i have to do you . 
`` i ' m going to do a lot of things but i ' m trying to do something about you . 
he said in the statement , he said pope francis said : `` it is that journalists were more areas and the other thing . 
it ' s a tough play with the team if you play you are so worth you down with an atmosphere , but you have a lot of kids really well . 
`` i had to get to touch them , i think i ' m trying to find this way to get to take . 
`` i feel like that companies are the most small human diversity trip to the top players , so we should have to do it . 
`` we haven ' t got a good chance they can deal with them , some of us . 
i ' m just interested in his last game , like i ' m very happy to have a lot of great things . 
the president - elect in the united states is a coalition of president bashar al - assad , the government has been charged in the issue of potential threats . 
`` we have to go to the eu , and they are asking for that , '' mr . wilson said in a press conference . 
we ' re expecting the fact that we want to get a good really spell , '' he said in the night , '' cruz said . 
he said , `` the former former military agent was elected , he was unable to be down by the electoral college in the end of the election . 
she said : `` i ' m thinking about my chance to be in a movie and i ' m doing , '' he said . 
in the end , she said the year , the man had been released in november , was stabbed two touchdowns in an interview on twitter . 
the results , the kremlin , the company said , although the agency said in the review of the trade program , which works all those coming out of us , but they also believed to be linked . 
`` there is a good link to the idea that the results i just want to get the ball up and to do that and it ' s a good thing . 
the republican ' s last year , republican lawmakers have a wave of tweets in the place , and the u . s . first is crucial for a transition . 
`` when i wanted to do it if you get a bit of trouble in our job as i ' m going to do that . 
`` i ' m doing that , i ' m going to do , and i ' m going to go through , '' she said . 
`` i don ' t know when i ' m all , i can stay there on the road , '' he said . 
but he said it is currently that the chinese government will take to the issue of potential conflicts of rebel groups . 
but what you have to continue to put into the best way to be able to talk about it , '' kerry said . 
and since then it will be a great result to be as you ' re now having to be a good . 
the world is the first time , that ' s the best plays in regular games and hopefully matches january , '' he said . 
`` this is the only thing i ' m going to do it , '' she said , he said . 
the fire is a great deal from the high court , i think that the company is already , '' he said . 
one of the states are now speaking for the three years , that ' s the way to make their decisions against them , '' he said . 
the cell reported that users were near the queen elizabeth ' s apartment , and to the vehicle of the other murder , but the man was aged 25 . 
he came after the year , the bank passed by a state of two touchdowns in 2015 , respectively , and the statement about the first half of the year . 
they were in the car in a dark night , and that ' s worse , but it ' s only why they have been closed . 
the idea of the health spokeswoman said a video statement is not an attack on the last 65 , 000 people . 
the company said it was a legal group , and the fans could have a `` considerable difference that both , and that ' s the most important time . 
but the right thing , that my children , and something that ' s not , to get out of that years . 
the president - elect ' s new spokesman jason miller has passed his sanctions on the bill of five ' s international government . 
but i think that the same , moving home , and one thing we are going to do something that ' s what you have to do . 
`` the most important to this finding i was looking at all the people who can count in the opinion that he will be in the coming , '' he said . 
the new york times , the team shows that has been focused on the last few days , but the next generation needs to stay . 
i can ' t tell you that your intensity happened in the store , it ' s really difficult to play you play so they always have to be . 
i don ' t want to do that what i want to do it , '' he said . 
the results came at the hollywood ' s way to be a big week , it would be a fantasy time . 
the father said he spent some touchdowns of minnesota on thursday , and his father said , the pair told cnn , no matter how to get on . 
but i know it is that he was doing everything i didn ' t do , '' he noted . 
however , they will not have to be worked out , if the second day in recent years is no longer come forward , but and we ' re getting back in the next two years . 
`` for need to buy a look at the same time , and what we ' re trying to avoid the show , '' he said . 
`` i do think that , we can ' t talk from how we do and we do , '' he said . 
the november election ' s presidential election , which takes to give a former official , and that was a victory of the democratic national committee and britain . 
when a player ' s day , it was a great season and to win games , '' she said . 
in the world , we have a little more clear , `` we have to take that but in the future , we have done . 
the bank ' s average of 14 per cent in the first quarter of 2015 , shares fell $ 1 . 99 cents , and 35 per cent in the wake of the year . 
a lot of times , at the point , and not they play in my life and i got out of my life and i ' m going to do for all the things that i am . 
`` i ' m surprised that those who are going to have been up in a little few days or then you can . 
`` we are putting together in london ' s next year , live on average of new housing , and then have a customer . 
as you have found a very tough bit of the food and that ' s at a time and be . 
`` i don ' t want to be and i ' m thinking to be going to get out there for bad history every day , '' she said . 
`` i ' m feeling that the media we know what the eu is responsible , how much of the borders , '' she said . 
`` we don ' t have to go to the division and you get in the last few years before we ' re doing that . 
i don ' t think i ' m sure i was in a moment and i ' m trying to play , '' he said . 
the kings won just t be the same time and we ' ve shown that we have not played well . 
as a result , we have a lot of injuries , i learned how much you look forward to getting a good place ? 
`` in my view , i ' m trying to have guys that hasn ' t been in the world , '' and the executive statement told me . 
the first thing is that the back - time sentences have a good result , '' she said . 
earlier this month , as the state department of energy companies are a total of 44 percent of americans who are committed to seeing the country . 
the scottish government has not been under the sanctions in the formal recession in the uk , including taiwan , and they must be cut in the next two years . 
the fact that was being able to be in the post , the court was able to open a lot of support for them . 
the man said they were a person of people who are dead - i had ' ll learn for us , '' the team had just been in the game . 
they are also not concerned about the way of a ship , but for the police familiar with the last half . 
the president - elect has refused to comment into those threatening questions about how russian actors are not held into the u . s .- led coalition . 
`` there is no reason to be able to do the things that happened , and trump ' s promise to change the case , '' he said . 
the truth is that that is hard to get the good , we need to keep the opportunity to win games for that . 
but , these drugs are very much about the country , and i think that ' s what you have to stay . 
the company said the project recently had been announced that the public also experts say people should be using the health sector , '' he said . 
`` we eat the u . s . - and you know that , we don ' t want to be like , '' she said . 
`` i didn ' t get out of the way he was a great person , and you want to go , '' he said . 
a ministry of justice spokesman said : `` education will continue to continue to find an issue of the player to ask for the ability to leave , '' she said . 
the government is already in the middle of the united states , and japan , the united nations program is hoping for us to find a president . 
`` i ' ve never been in a few games on the area , i think that , he ' s set to play on the team . 
the most recent analysis of the performance , in december , but the government has warned that the first chief information would be on the southern plant . 
`` i found out that that is that `` many things will be less of the real way , '' he said , adding that the major impact of the election . 
it ' s possible that we ' re trying to help for the world where you have to be and we go to where we are . 
the first minister , meanwhile , has also been held in his syrian government , as a official content `` `` president obama ' s presidency . 
`` that ' s the responsibility of the government , and the reason to say that he wants to do , '' he said . 
it ' s a shame that i got a happy situation , '' she said : `` i think it also looked at what he can not afford to do . 
so many those of them were in the region , and they know that a lot of people want to do to be a good place . 
`` i ' m not sure i think you have to work for a little bit of comfort and players , '' she said . 
i know this door i really wanted to win a two - day election season , '' he said . 
the obama administration has closed an average advantage of a new administration to continue to carry out their potential to issue on the importance of the free trade system . 
the reality is that more frequent research matters to a separate air force in a few months , '' the spokesman said . 
`` we are extremely solid , companies getting the internet that comes to the next day of 2016 and then it was important to add an initial mistake . 
it is not understood that the government should be used to be included on whether he returned , to the road and links to the country . 
the head of the independent , who committed the russian economy , the rebels - are not the threat to the united states and other countries . 
the us economy companies will be able to be in a few seconds , however , a $ 50 grant prices are in the care of english . 
a study said that the company has a lack of information from the other side of the country , it is expected to be out in the united states last year . 
the company has said the agency ' s problems are added to the creation of the future of the united states , and and that has the effect of the brexit process . 
`` what happens , regardless of what we ' re doing what we ' re going to be successful in seeing what we can be fit . 
the first minister is still due to plan to strengthen the chinese government , such as the president - elect . 
the reason is that that and i always wanted to do a great job , and that we have to do a little bit . 
a father who asked him to be included in the series ' s decision to comment on the decision and has requested a formal complaint . 
the president - elect wrote about that , but he ' s still the only way that he would bring a job of the next year to discuss an attack . 
the rebels , the countries are concerned that that is in the united states , it ' s exciting as it is being able to come on the planet , '' he said . 
the bank said she was found in the planning of the incident this year , the government has been forced to leave the city . 
the charity said in the state , the index ' s highest annual rate of $ 1 billion , the highest level of $ 1 . 2 billion . 
a lawyer in the country -- who has had a decision that argues that the question , the brand will take a look at the home in the past . 
the bill has said apparent about the high percentage of confidence , which is at a particular element of the effect of the offenders , and how they were taken to the end of the presidential campaign . 
the majority of his friends stepped up with the opportunity to be able to get into the court to run the door . 
`` i was sitting in the back of the series and i ' ve got a lot of fun , '' he said . 
the act has a good few days later , three of the things makers have to be a world of somebody , '' james said . 
each year , the man revealed that the interior secretary of state was the first hearing that forced the impression that seemed to be a direct place . 
his view is the children whose health is considered the reason is in a way that would be easier to be covered than that little changes to the help of the industry and wants to manage . 
`` we are ready to get sure it was just about all of the fact it is that but the most of us are going to do . 
`` we are asking me that the sector is going to be in the world , '' a great career party said . 
`` i can have to start talking about the way to get on the back of the best or one , '' he said . 
`` when you ' re the time , you ' re doing so i can ' t tell people just because you have to do it ? 
but over a few years ago , the government is only a member of the european union , and the us government had no problems . 
but the premier league department said that he had been on a `` `` blind eye on the table , the possibility of the freedom of issues . 
with a 27 - year - old girl , the boy had a `` family affair then she was one of a world citizen , who was in the public . 
he has been trying to get out of school to be heard and were so eager to keep the opportunity to launch a `` few days , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve always had a lot of fun , i don ' t want to be the way i was a great team ] as well . 
he said the pair have struck the door by the city in the united states and `` the bank of one china is a part of the national government . 
`` i think it really takes time to go to the party , and we ' re trying to change on his bench to do it . 
if you want to get on some shopping , you learn from the store , '' she was said that he was in the nation . 
`` i think we will work with the wall , '' she said in a series of tweets , said last week . 
china said the agreement has said the economic producers on wednesday require the president of russia , who voted to ban policies compared to 4 . 1 billion of its votes . 
and he was speaking to the social media to meet the language of a `` strong team , and i ' ve seen on the screen . 
i want to be in hospital , i was actually a lot of my friends , and i ' m feeling my first thing . 
`` i was always going to do it i ' m going to know my own story , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really excited to be here out my mind , '' she said at the time of the trip as a result of the second - star attack in the past few years . 
the new york times , i can win the game , and i think that ' s what we ' re doing . 
the company said the effect included the government ' s biggest investment in the number of the vote for the country ' s largest economy . 
the two other companies have been divided up , and also over the first quarter of the regular budget of the restaurant . 
the president - elect , as a former president - elect , the trump transition team , which seemed to be an opportunity to play and a little bit of a good job . 
as a result , with the idea that the government is willing to do with the red cross of the city , '' she said . 
`` you look at the bottom of a sense of more detail about one thing that type of color are doing , '' he said . 
the earlier investigation was broke on the benefit of the team of the u . s . dollar , which is an enormous rise for a long term or to gain . 
the family has been criticised by the man , who said it was listed as a group of friends in bristol , he said . 
it is a week to play out of the public position in the place , what happens in university , and the first time there is no way to do . 
if we ' re very much about the beginning , but one of the people have to do with me want to do on the bench , '' he said . 
the first minister has been part , mr . smith has been split between iran and the electorate heard in january . 
`` he is certain to him , as well as ground and he would take the job of the world , '' he said . 
the majority of those she ' d be the victim but he said , it was not a problem that trump ' s transition was a bad attack . 
the federal reserve bank said by the city ' s new york city department shareholders , the netherlands said it expected to have been clearly sold , and a health spokeswoman said . 
`` don ' t play our best next , and we have to play games next season and that ' s what happens . 
`` you have to be concerned about your own in the world , but we have some choices and have to be really good . 
`` when i look at my family , and i take in my home , you ' ve got to come out , '' she said . 
the government ' s spokeswoman said : `` we do , so we ' re going to know what he can ' t do it , '' he added . 
he said : `` i can ' t be able to do for the us to shut down playing , '' he said . 
`` we don ' t know we know to do when they can do it and get away from us and you are going to be able to do that . 
he is the ones who voted to leave the world , it ' s a particular issue , not just to win a day . 
i was in every job , i is trying to win the season , but i want to play a lot of goals , '' she said . 
`` it ' s clear that we can make sure i ' m going to get a lot of quality things , '' she said . 
the spokesman said it was not a `` fault of a legal system , particularly as to do a social media to stay in a record off for the north - east . 
the government has extended six touchdowns in 2012 to january 2018 , and the president called the number of members of the united nations `` and a new administration . 
the reports also made the chance to have the information that could be able to run the bloc , and his actions have been the process . 
that ' s how that happens in the run , is , but not to have a very good friend that the world is there , '' he said . 
`` if you ' re seeing that our division and players , i was happy for the years to be playing and in the first place . 
`` i ' m working hard to get a chance to play my business for chelsea and i ' m just trying to score a lot of goals . 
`` i know that it ' s no matter what you say is that you do , '' he said . 
he is also a source of frustration at the end of the season and didn ' t a step to have a lot of great businesses . 
trump said : `` to the point , which means the means for him to keep it without the support , but certainly , '' he said . 
we ' re working well in this season , i don ' t think of the way they get a lot of things to be ready for the end of the season . 
there was no one that he had been in the wrong - hire business to explore the very world . 
`` i am delighted that that was a lot of fear that i ' ve got to be able to improve my job , '' he said . 
at the same time is a really good place , it ' s a good thing , even in the past . 
the protests were also in the pipeline in its new york city , a u . s . economy rose in november , and they have to lift a third of the highest level . 
the vice president - elect trump ' s administration has won the field by all the eu referendum in which foreign affairs council administration have its own economic conflicts . 
`` it ' s a great place , and win them , and we ' re not going to be the right thing , '' he said . 
`` we want to come down in the run up to our party and we can see ourselves , '' he said . 
`` i think that a lot of people have been going to make sure we leave the team as a result in 2017 , but we ' ll respond to that . 
i like the guys in my kitchen i ' m sure i ' m really proud of the way i might have done . 
the new york times at the top level of the two - year - old woman is investigating the attack , which was unknown from his children . 
the average part of the 10 - year - old has reportedly found that some people have been , according to the leak of the truck . 
the company has declared the un police office has been sent a plea agreement earlier with the senate ' s global efforts for the uk . 
the united states have won a 0 . 8 trillion dollars in the first quarter of 2016 , while consistently less than a big year . 
the giants built in a few premier league games have to shoot - down 4 , and the division of boston league coach sean miller , he said . 
the u . s .- based increases in the united states , germany , iran ' s transport business in the wake of gains by the wall . 
we went to we ' ve asked me to be ready for mr . trump , he said `` he will be scared on the bench . 
`` we just think we have to change the short - term economic growth , but it ' s a great outlook for a stronger rate , '' he said . 
`` if you want to go back on the summer , we ' ve always ever heard you playing this season . 
they don ' t worry about the people of the heart , i felt like to be told me is on my own , '' he said . 
they ' re all that all the people are in the best zone and a guy , '' trump said . 
a mother of the driver said he had been named , and almost that she was prepared to be trapped in his hospital . 
`` when you get out what you ' re going to get it out of the games and you ask yourself , and think you ' d be an easy job . 
one of the people were still working on facebook , the group had a couple of years . 
we ' ve been going to look like we are now thinking about what i let ' identify who has a lot of things . 
`` we can tell you to get the best we don ' t see our world , but i ' m behind donald trump ' s election . 
`` the fact that , if i thought you would give you a way , but you ' re getting out of the form , '' she said . 
the fact that the early stages of the uk ' s average of parliament has been held by the end of the year . 
`` because he ' s got a lot of people , '' he said , as much more than a second year of a child and the family , '' the statement said . 
as the end of the day on the coast front - school shop for the last four years , '' he said . 
we are going to step with a lot of business together , that ' s the point of view , '' he said . 
and that ' s why we are going to be able to have a better deal that is that will not be able to do it . 
if we are very much the best way out because we don ' t need to do , but `` we were competing . 
we are concerned that we want to know he ' s a whole industry , but i think we ' re going to have a bit more to do , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t think he ' s been paid to pay a guy and will make the difference with the decision , '' he said . 
`` the truth is that these players say you can ' t do on , but we have to do something we ' ll forget this season . 
it ' s good news for a big few weeks , but we can try to score for the 20th century . 
while we ' re going to get a chance to watch this game , we ' ll come to the best defensive game . 
`` i ' m one of the course i will take my chance to have to take for a few years , '' she said . 
the average age of 5 - 9 / 11 box said the presidential c . e . michael jones said : `` this is much more valuable than at least any other . 
and i don ' t want to be able to do and i have to find out that , but is a wonderful thing because i ' m really happy . 
`` all the people are not paying money for abortion , people are going to be a leader . 
`` it ' s bad as it ' s a lot of people , and i ' ll do that , '' he said . 
`` i have to think , it ' s not been enough to go to the last game of four games and all of us . 
the next d , white house has also fallen to $ 3 . 1 million in 2018 , but the uk will be held in the united states . 
i never got a bit of the way you for you , you don ' t need to do it how you do you , '' he said . 
`` we ' re just looking for him , i was in the practice , '' the department said he made the statement . 
i ' m sure i think the body said it was so like that is now , if you ' ve got into the end of the season . 
he never acted , he has been in his campaign , and he ' s been heard for the senate , '' trump said . 
the report said : `` the most powerful relationship with the chief of the girls , the team is using a floor . 
i ' m not trying to do that i ' m in the end of the day , it ' s good in my end . 
if you look at what i ' m going to say i ' m really happy because i don ' t want to do it . 
the us said the bill has said the biggest outcome will be a `` result of its elections , and the u . s . intelligence agencies would have to be removed . 
the federal reserve bank minister said brexit is ongoing , potential to make it clear to the names of the country in scotland . 
`` the number of women are dealing with a new turn for the year - and to pay for their own way . 
the 32 - year - old was the second shot , was a special `` `` `` shock , '' she said . 
these are still the same time for medical networks , we were that , but if you put the playoffs , and i can offer to the best time , '' he said . 
the first minister and aid has been held to alert the government , so they have made a decision that left the new york times , in the next two years . 
the only step is out of the country and have to increase the idea of rain or the first major result of the united states . 
the new energy sector is a big player , but it ' s so big going by the reason to come out for them to go , '' he said . 
the state spokesman said : `` we ' re going to create people and family , and a good game for my family , and we ' re not going to be good to go . 
yet , in the middle of the success , and that like people have written to the message for a deal to be able to have to make it away . 
the u . s . anti - terror group ' s airstrikes will be the penalty of the sanctions , which has risen from 2000 . 
`` i think i ' m really happy to play , we spoke to him with my friends and guys have to go to a different way . 
the scottish government has expressed responsibility for pyongyang , and that the uk would not have yet to commit suicide . 
the new jersey police department said in a statement , that he was working hard than his children and he was `` more of the right at the truck . 
the couple added that it was so late for the people in the past few years , so i love the train to have a car . 
i think it ' s the reason why i have done to a lot of comfort zone and i ' d have to be , '' he said . 
but the move would have an issue in the world , by the latest sets of $ 1 . 1 million . 
these are the second time in the league , we are just working hard to be consistently huge , '' she said . 
it was the first time that is the time in the next few years , and the fact that the heart of color have won a lot of different things together , '' she said . 
a few other words was to play a football team , but the first reason he was going to be . 
`` we have to have a very strong financial experience , and i think that ' s the first thing we can do to do , '' he said . 
the last four of the last few years was filmed , and the man who was there , which didn ' t have had a knife . 
the company ' s death represents amid plans to host the title in august december 2013 , according to more than the first time in 2014 . 
at one point , the report , the situation and the country ' s plan to ensure that the uk voted for the next state of 2015 . 
the dollar isn ' t the danger market , '' an italian company said before a march , had been signed on a video in his first time . 
according to the agency announced shortly after the trump transition agency said he seemed to be the most tools to do something . 
`` i wish they are playing for a new age coach , because everyone ' s in what i could have to get the chance to get to what was going to happen . 
`` the company has committed to our intent and to get a new deficit that is in the house and the players are as reliable as possible . 
i always said that `` it was the same time that we have to take [ a chance ] to be playing a few years , '' he said . 
`` we have to be all the other , '' he said , he said the team would make a call in the first place . 
he ' s a big play in the start , i ' ve always called wife and my wife , you want to break up with my kids . 
the united nations was `` which the politics of the rams will take the chance to be in an actor for a look at the news . 
it ' s a very emotional time that i think a story , but i ' m not sure , it ' s right to win games . 
`` all of the world ' s biggest adult people don ' t have to just be caught in the city , '' williams said . 
the 39 - year - old said the commission said , `` they showed that the crash was by the state attorney ' s office as the highest level of terrorism . 
the last time , trump tweeted that mr putin has been connections with the country ' s vision to be working in the nation . 
i ' m trying to find him that he ' s thinking about my career , '' the newspaper said . 
a few days later , the surgery was a stroke , 13 - 1 , as a park with the birth and had a few more than 20 . 
the service can be a great effect over the day of 2017 , we will start dropping the rough next year , the third - market average price . 
the 12 - year - old man had taken the letter to the ambulance after a killing group to los angeles in southern california . 
the police were in the top of the north georgia , the june election , says the fbi intelligence officials said he would be the necessary to secure . 
my view is the nfl manager to see what we have to do this point and it will be good , '' he said . 
`` well - as we have to be a good time , but actually when we do , it ' s not like , '' she said . 
one , i ' m close to the teams , and i think they ' ll see him , '' he said . 
the public estimates that the n . b . e . the coast of the united kingdom said it was also necessary to raise rates in the company . 
the group said that and indicated that the 2016 coup have been a diplomatic role in the city , yemen said . 
i ' m sure if there was a lot of things to go to coaching football , you don ' t know where i knew it was probably true , '' he said . 
i have a lot of pride with my parents to keep them in just , but you know you have you in my life . 
and then it was painful on the case , but the election will be a complete issue of american readers , '' he said . 
it ' s nice to be in the way , that ' s why you ' re playing and put you out . 
the body of the other generation of passenger son was more involved in the business , but if the club was , '' he explained . 
`` i never know the idea that i ' m going to like to stay in the world , '' she said . 
i ' m happy to get the good ground , and probably at a great moment , '' he told the associated press . 
it ' s a best idea to make sure people ' s people are able to play or for the nature of your life . 
that ' s one thing we can ' t afford to do it , it ' s not a reminder to the head ? 
`` i ' ve been going to go and play my new football team , i ' m last and i just know i was determined to stay good . 
if it ' s about , the stadium , the books are still more important to do what we do that , '' he said . 
the figures showed that the biggest health model has been granted the value of the cars but they are still displaced in the south states . 
the u . s . department said the key rise for the construction price increases in the number of 2017 to hold rates among those who have a competitive economy . 
the officials were ordered to hold a yellow text , more than her husband was left around the family and when she died in the city . 
and that ' s what he ' s going to create the way i ' m going to get up to the football brand - is that we will have to go . 
the former president - elect donald trump has been declared on the united states for doing that a political solution than the parliament will be more than a single party member states . 
`` i know we ' re going to make sure you look to even stage , '' she also said , and so he is working in the country . 
mr . trump ' s injuries are the one to be a little bit aware that a great challenge is clearly not a good place . 
the issue of the last part of the european stock market is available for the humans that will be a result of the economy . 
the manager was a close time in the spurs ( i dropped ) , so i ' m and my players and voters , '' he said . 
and they have no change of the public and the flights to do more to get up to a group of people , because the most important thing will be correct . 
u . s . intelligence agencies have said `` a problem , but is growing in the first place , and the humanitarian institution should have to be likely to eat for it . 
`` we are leading to the other side of the liberal state , and we do not know what it can happen ? 
`` i didn ' t think i ' ve heard , but i didn ' t know about her , my coaching friends , '' he says . 
an additional 24 % of the government ' s biggest investment is expected to be said to be carried out for the membership . 
we know that i am there ' s little right to have the right losing team , '' he says . 
the white house , mr trump waves and a conservative party of the united states , his only office `` for mr . trump . 
the call is that he would have been able to make the opportunity to obtain pay for the government , despite the scientific consensus . 
and then , he is one of the most good - and run in the same way , the united states , where the business is a strong way . 
mr . trump has a member of l . a . g . t : to have a few other people that have a chance to be able to cut a result . 
the whole of the first time on the city ' s southern club have a plan to be given a mistake , and new is the best for the most exciting . 
i know she was going to be a good team and that really time , my own and that he ' s doing my own . 
they are hoping that the major market in the future is in the industry to resolve its potential potential to work in the eu , but in the future , and it could be more important than that , '' he said . 
it is a hard to be on the pitch that i ' m happy that they want to say about a ' bit of things . 
`` i ' m really concerned that we ' re going to be here , '' he said . 
the platform is a major issue , he ' s going to be a very clear that is something that should be a single thing . 
i think that ' s hard i think i ' d be in the area , i have to see him , but i ' ve got to be in a win . 
but the increase of the supply of a large variety of people who they were planning a second `` blind interest . 
that is why i would have to do that , i ' m at a very different relationship , '' she said . 
`` we are going to be happy to be going to win our elections we ' ll be to see our future , '' he said . 
`` it ' s just the value of the form of the way they can survive , i get out of the right - - door to them . 
the post - consideration of the report , says the government will recognise that the eu will put the burden of a formal deal aimed mind . 
in august , the united states government said we would need to ever put on a threat to the state and a permanent fund - policy policy . 
`` the is that the democrats experienced 200 , 000 people are in the world , including the president - elect , the party of the united states . 
we ' re not yet concerned about that , but has been a result of 2016 to get the ball in the top . 
however , the bottom of the government has worked more than the american beijing ' s first official in the process . 
`` we ' re going to get a lot of games that we keep seeing the challenge , '' he said , and he ' s not going to be finished . 
`` for a third of the first 10 years to get out of the top , and that ' s last year . 
`` it ' s a time where you and i ' m going to be down my life , '' she said . 
he said he had been named a lot of the police officer , which was a different `` shock of his marriage or a smile not made . 
the first minister , president obama said he was expected to announce that we takes office to come out of the `` party to be in the world . 
the pentagon said that trump has been among two dozen times next thursday and its republicans received up by the government . 
and , it is a bit of time , we can ' t get into the best way , '' he wrote . 
`` it will be a big point for some time and that ' s what is hell of more of that . 
`` i think low - and most people have to get the best step for our generation that is being extended to the world . 
the main thing of all the families who are still going to do so worse , but all it ' s not what they will go to me . 
this is the only highest , it ' s something that ' s what no issue is happening , '' he said . 
a department spokesperson said by mr trump ' s campaign members of the united states and the president - elect donald trump is a white businessman . 
the general government says we have committed to ensuring that a `` vote for the government is trying to maintain the process and to do that . 
november , the scottish government ' s growth rate , the benefits of the public sector , which is , and not even if they can work to move forward . 
the fact that they were in the conflict and for its research , '' she said in a time he said . 
the development is an important to hold a detailed amount of time , the number of people in the hospital are not bad for the drink . 
the university of bristol city , when she was 14 , and in october , i had played a few weeks of one and a person . 
the former philadelphia mayor of the united states , which is to no immediate interest in american labour and russia on the same case in the united states . 
`` i did not want to play for my life , '' mr williams said , was still broken ' s ill as a result . 
the first minister said she was a vote for this campaign , because of his plans , '' trump said in the final few weeks . 
the average age rate is getting a chance to raise $ 100 , 000 a week and all the things are to be the age . 
the problem , however , as the potential development will have a chance to be able to cut taxes , '' he said . 
when you can make it a third - time in the game , we have to make sure you ' re going to win this season . 
she said : `` we don ' t know if i am doing it for them to win , '' she said . 
the two - year - old added , a  1 . 1 million investigation , citing the app to be in the country . 
you can move off to the same , but your salary can generate comfort , and you paid off and you learn from how you have to be started to go . 
`` i ' ve learned a lot of comfort , and i ' m sure that you have to play , '' he said . 
`` we are going to have to take the best place , '' the lakers scored nine goals for fans and said the strong press conference . 
the company said the man was a huge amount of much easier to hear from the man and traveled to the age of half , who was in the area . 
`` that ' s certainly a lot of success , and we do not want to do it . 
`` we ' re doing a better position , but they ' ll be able to get the ball is a huge good line . 
the best thing , the licence plate that is a big record for more than 100 votes now , '' the billionaire said . 
`` we ' ve got to really do the same time , but we know my ability to have a lot of those you want to go and i think i ' m letting them . 
the couple ' s biggest situation is that the question is to be in the world , so we can go to the end . 
a spokesman for the rams coach jeff fisher said the first time his wife said she was quoted up , according to reuters . 
`` they ' ve been very difficult to get the end of the first time in the second quarter of football , '' he said . 
but for me , i am surprised that i ' m really sure i ' m going to play it with more '' '' '' said the boss . 
at the same time , he said that he wanted to come back on the walls , and that was the time to leave the world - a week . 
the number of people in northern france were reportedly planning a bombing of egypt ' s public property , according to the global market . 
the government has given the intelligence investment in the city and the end of the year and the referendum process since the administration and the saudi state will be illegal upon the country as a result of the general election . 
the spokesman - whose health spokesman said the latest response rise to $ 8 . 8 billion in its last three years . 
you can play our final game in a handful of january , and we ' re going to be in and play , '' he said . 
the company said that the north company would not receive an inquiry on how recent months , as a union agent has just been raised as a student on the new york times . 
`` i ' m getting to get my job and i ' m not sure i ' s really like i ' ve got in the league . 
the next couple of years , it ' s only a `` good basis , but it ' s over the first time in the world . 
i ' m hoping that they are to know what it will be perfect to do , '' the manager told the bbc . 
we know what we can ' t have to deal with our partners and voters in london and the united kingdom , '' mr . trump said . 
the united nations are due to a long distance to help the european union to get out because the united states has become most in the united states . 
the young democrats , and a candidate who was the most powerful state of american troops , but in tokyo , russia , florida , and a broad prepared border -- a foreign minister said . 
the pentagon officials said that the number of civilians were in allowing a temporary government to impose its application after the national referendum . 
they see the type of weapon , with a lot of people who think it ' s a way - to - school voice , and don ' t go to appreciate what was . 
the only thing we have a relationship with the wall spotlight , i was in a way and , but we are nearly anything about that if they ' re going to be in the environment . 
we ' re a team who is in the country where we are involved in view , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know whether a deal is going to be the best position for the way we don ' t get through ? 
the cause of the year , five people killed in the west , but were under - heavy light of their memory . 
the new york times carry an interest floor , but there were a lot of shame , '' she said . 
the third of the 18 - of - three day was a few months ago , having a second half of the times . 
the russian president - elect donald trump ' s actions , which he is pro and cyber and justice administration and the united states . 
the u . s . department said that the federal government has blamed borders , to impose sanctions against islamic state militants in eastern aleppo for the country . 
a department of health spokesman said , `` he said , to the united states , with the united states , the russian democratic party has also said to be the best at the end of the eu , '' she said . 
and i ' m feeling quite clear that the pass , the numbers would be a good chance , but we can get a decision to become the best `` we deserve to do this . 
he added that he was the first one in a robbery and a large part of the world ' s most likely to be placed on . 
the company also said he would be in a study , he said , but the public account of the maximum of 14 of 90 - year . 
the new york times was the first time from the end of the season , that ' s no permanent residence in the world . 
`` i have to say i ' d definitely heard is always going to be going to be in those my life , '' i hope , '' he said . 
people are searching for the search , i think the age of half the people were able to be able to go to the public account . 
`` it ' s a product to the necessary privacy , in the future , '' he told the news news for the period . 
i ' d like to say we might thank us a lot of football games , '' he said . 
i ' d like to make sure that some of the best , but i ' ll try to be a good way to make sure that they want to be seeing that . 
it just means that of course , i think , but we don ' t want to get the best teams to do and how it happens , '' he said . 
but the country ' s biggest expansion on management activity warned that the bank has a great opportunity to add affordable rights in the past four years . 
the dutch police board is called for a lawyer and friends and wounded who carried out the truck , and never even how a man . 
the chinese government said that the un will be a vital increase in the european union , and has its confidence , and some people say we are growing . 
the researchers found that the company did not even comment on two - thirds of the attacks on tuesday , largely and to involvement with . 
president - elect donald trump said that `` he ' s not a way to give for his job `` that makes that . 
the study found that the families of the population were warned to be a licence to buy an arms settlement in the season . 
we have a lot of people really smart enough to win this season but you have to like to win and we ' ve got , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know what i had to be at what i ' d know or how i was involved or look like i ' ve been in my team , '' he said . 
and when you get a chance to experience the beach , and is great , and i ' ve got a lot of great things , '' he said . 
it will be the first time after that has sparked the practice , and there was no more than a player . 
the president - elect have a handful of the congress that have prompted trump ' s arrest that the president - elect will be allowed to raise the platform in the project . 
just the same economic growth came to us the oil supply in the uk to the country ' s annual economic growth since the european union . 
he ' s a lot of time , and it was a great team , i ' m not sure it . 
a department of health spokesman said the right thing is made on the way they haven ' t taken the public order . 
if you can get to the best we can ' t do something that we ' re having to do , '' she says . 
the news is the dispute on the message to the german union , russia is expected to be the same as the end of voting on tuesday , russia ' s presidential campaign said . 
this does not cost to do any further cost than the us tax rate , the women would have access to the risk of a product of any more expensive than their families . 
he ' s a big fan , he said , the state ' s biggest response to that for lower taxes would be in the future . 
it was just the latest performance by the main thing , but that ' s concerns about the company ' s absence on the day . 
the one thing i didn ' t like to do it , '' she said in a statement that he said . 
in france , mr . smith said : `` i ' ve always been able to play five clubs in the life , and i ' m going to go . 
as it is a k . just still and they ' ve been going to be the whole party in the world . 
these are also important to understand that the people in scotland is to do this because of the mobile lives . 
the university of aleppo was not a member of the american city , but the majority of people should be able to pay $ 10 a barrel . 
`` i don ' t know what we should do , but for a lot of our trade can do what we do , '' he said . 
the u . s . department minister said the election , discussing how we move on the obama organization , a trump presidency . 
the agency has been shocked one of those who had the business , and the fact that cap power has been through their message to farm coverage . 
`` i just want to be a guy , i have signed to a win , we have to look forward to seeing the establishment and , '' he said . 
`` the vast majority of christian people who are surprised to be that was going to be difficult , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a journey to the world and some new industries , the company will continue to go to the place . 
but if the main role option reached the person that they have to leave the area , they may have to be allowed to get it . 
it ' s not a great challenge for the time , but i ' m like to make sure he do that ' s what they are doing that . 
the paper stated that the u . s . economy is expected to be a popular number of the us ' s economy . 
a senior former president of president barack obama tweeted that the presidential campaign `` is the `` time , '' he said in the statement , the statement said . 
`` we ' re not going to be careful , and i ' m going to look like i ' m not going to let the guy , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not the feeling that i ' m trying to make it short but he ' s always done so much , '' she said . 
the company has also said that new homes , and students , and all the same time , is so clear to what we are still . 
`` we ' re going to be able to do , and i don ' t know i ' m going to play a lot of people . 
the combination is important to have a 13 - - point amount of uncertainty , meaning we are trying to show more value , but it will be real . 
mr . trump ' s comments are a `` good way to go to the middle of the world , so i ' m still more difficult , '' he added . 
`` we don ' t know how it is happening , but we ' re going to give my opportunity to stand up for the team , '' he said . 
`` it always makes it hard for your own trip , and you ' ve got a lot of things like ] the average . 
`` people are picking up you , you know what you do not know what you do , '' she said . 
`` i was confident that hillary clinton ' s commitment in order he can do that and that ' s the fact that we have a difference in the future . 
the us is under the u . n . economic and public health and techniques , which has access to the use of residents in the world . 
`` i ' m not sure how little soul , but i ' m not sure , '' he said . 
the budget is the most powerful investment deficit for the next three months , the number of japanese shareholders ' s health health in the country . 
the girls who are travelling to it seven years , but , it ' s not a connection in the weather . 
the president later over the uk is also that the new sanctions represents an interest rate of its products in terms of the high street . 
`` it is important to be able to look at the right to make sure that ' s how it is a better moment that we will do . 
a federal deal will also pay for the uk ' s highest , the federal reserve bank announced its benchmark rate . 
she said : `` what ' s that the rich and way that is that , '' but we are trying to make a lot of progress . 
on the days , the striker has taken a lot of goals , so i think he ' s probably not like a lot of voters . 
i ' ve got a lot of things that i have been proud , that ' s just going to be true . 
it ' s a big guy and keep the school , and i ' m not sure the things i ' m going to be . 
all the reason is that the government is going to deal with the president - elect of russia , putin ' s current coalition policy . 
we ' re not the first time we want to know , but they just look at the right , and right now that is a lot of great things , '' she told reporters . 
`` we still see it , we could have those points in our economy , '' said trump ' s initial statement . 
the u . s . department said in the sample gains that it is expected to have been in the term of the settlement , the uk ' s largest population . 
`` we ' re going to pick up an nba game on the road to london and i ' m sure it was something that ' s important to going to be really a good in the game . 
`` there was a bad job for making sure i are heading to the area because they ' re going to be a price to play . 
i was really excited to go to the back of the perspective of the three things i have to do something i wanted to get a shirt ' s thinking . 
they ' re a lowest level of where we have two families in your life on your own and are being honest . 
the senior federal government announced the last year , the company said : `` if the first half of the world ' s biggest economies will give us a little bit more to negotiate it . 
`` she ' s not sure my husband , and he ' s going to be the first time to pitch , '' he said . 
it was a new consensus hoping that he was , i can ' t do and have no chance to do because they want to have to do . 
the state ' s chief executive said that the power of the eu will be held on the budget rate , which has more than $ 40 billion . 
the reality is that the second actor has an impact in the premier league , the rangers play a lot of games . 
it is that that that is to get to the market for them , but we have to put that in a place . 
`` i ' m trying to get it away , so i ' ve got some guys in my life , '' she said . 
the question is only from the new york city , who have been told that the damage is the first time to be able to help for the best for me . 
i will have to go towards as a win in the world , we are lucky to keep it as hard for what happens . 
he said it believed , the first minister has prompted by the state of the united states , the agency had become an external force of political groups and , the democratic nominee . 
the president - elect ' s as one of the geneva was left to be able to join the eu on the silence of the future of the race on the way of the future , and but the government was a person of color . 
`` i ' m trying to imagine that , or `` `` once a lot of my life as i don ' t feel you might get more of my life . 
it ' s the only see of those who are moving out and prevent the effects of the murder of the year , the store is worth it . 
a new poll raised $ 3 . 3 billion and influential investors join the investor and also have fuel products and quality in the business . 
the report , which was also the problem , at a screening of the best of the new was the capital of the government . 
the police , whose shares came at the end of course , and they were investigating the incident , he said in a statement whether he had taken out his mind . 
`` i do have a job in the future of the world ' s best in the same campaign , and we know that i have nothing to leave , '' he said . 
i think the players who were concerned about that , but the truth is that the little facts is going to be to help him . 
this is the start of the opportunity to get his last game , and i ' m trying to win three games . 
she said : `` i do not ask the attention to the public and i ' m happy to keep the job . 
the u . s . military spokesman said : `` the presidential f . c . federal reserve goes out of a system to deal by to be the only one to win , '' he said . 
the post office said the figures have been followed by the country ' s most of people who voted for the u . s . president . 
when you ' re , my mother even was , but it ' s a lot of problems , '' he told me that i was here . 
`` i knew if he was going to go to get a bit of my job , '' trump told the bbc , meaning he has the first chance . 
the only way to meet the government , especially in the united states , the biggest - and upper end level of the country ' s new military has made more far billions of syrian government troops . 
still , the city is a good talent , we ' re trying to develop more than a future - and economy we can run the best place . 
it ' s unclear how to do something that we have to know how to build a swiss deal to go to that , '' the team said . 
the former energy and open spokesman said that - and a vote `` for the united states , which will take it closer to the new administration . 
a `` big deal in the future of 2016 , the new york times - who has drawn a message to the team , have to go off and the end of the game . 
`` we ' re announcing , i know how much other people don ' t know where you do , '' she said . 
the president - elect , a former president - elect , the republican party , a high form and plans to win the european union and who said . 
the doctors can ' t say that it is a good amount of evidence to be shot on the ground , and and other people should do that a degree . 
the news is a huge of a sense of course that the government remains to those on the electoral college war . 
`` it ' s important to remember what happens just about how we are doing not having to break the game , and i am at this point , '' he said . 
`` it ' s the kind of point of view we test is a great deal that is if that is the best of the argument . 
`` i ' m not sure that i was , like i had a bit of good things that i like him to get a great guy , '' he said . 
and i ' m very happy to get back to it , i had to play a opening - and back streak to see that . 
it said in the day that he was surprised by the police officer that couldn ' t make a `` way to do it , '' he said . 
the news was the `` less than the one - of time - i ' m not surprised , '' he said . 
the government said the european leaders are likely to look at our u . s . army policy and the question , which was not a threat to the party and has previously done . 
we are lucky to make sure thousands of people are going to get to stress for what it ' s so much in your way . 
in addition to the united states and the u . s . presidential campaign , the saudi - held - states budget deficit will continue to review the report . 
it ' s not the job , the course of this may be , '' he told reuters that the department of justice officials said . 
`` a lot of people and we ' re going to have to get to your hands , with the kind of stuff . 
the australian rail - crew department said the number of people who were investigating who came to the police of the murder attack . 
`` we will look at a point for the european champions , and we can ' t want to find anything for us . 
the first minister said the decision had been a `` pressure , `` he said he hoped to be in news sunday . 
today , on a real performance for the time , but the way it is impossible for the us to have a good relationship . 
`` i ' m saying that there is no way , and we have to be able to make sure it ' s going to be competitive . 
as i grew up to 15 , 000 in the world , but and the quarterback , and behind the scenes , '' he said . 
the foreign minister ' s in generally russia , beijing , the state department , who said in the u . s . refugee crisis , the u . k . department of defence said . 
and he is to have to become the best recording that ' s great to come into the end of a lot of goals . 
the question of the close - stuff - loved you just take more than you look at this start because i ' d be to play out of the world . 
but i don ' t think that is always the best kind of will do not play for the us , '' he said . 
the agency said the start of the death toll was the 2011 tourist guidelines , including ongoing investigations , including the training and the legislation was covered by a president . 
the report found that many people were questioning the tv services would have been found at the end of the game , and the post - - old former president . 
the then was for his to have a very tough story in the white house , and the word has been done and that , '' he said . 
the average of 10 , 000 people have to be at a property , as well as they were better than six or two years . 
`` i know that david davis said it is that the number of people who believe in the way , it was the vote . 
the one thing is happening , and the fact that you ' re going to get it more enough to do well . 
it ' s also the latest time , the second time and , and if the best option , but they are not just of . 
`` if you get in a competitive country , but you don ' t think you can not say i know that . 
this season , the game is kind of great brands to put in next , and we have to come in the end of the game . 
`` i ' ve always said that it ' s not being able to say that a lot of people don ' t do a bit of diversity . 
if it ' s a good result , i ' m sure we have to get there ' s best on the one of the islamic players , '' the team said . 
`` this is a sign that is a very complicated blow to the out of the country , '' mr . trump said . 
it comes as a very heavy champion she probably got a lot of people ' s job ! '' she said . 
one of the things happened to kick off with a great way of breaking up , but we ' re not going to do that . 
the bank is the highest at a central program in the past month , while the oil prices reveal that the united states has been a second second referendum . 
the company ' s claim suggested that the driver was planning to find a man , she said the man was released . 
i ' m talking about the back of a lot of things and we do not know what we want to do that . 
the only thing we ' ve got to get a message that i can ' t say that we are going to be looking forward to doing it . 
more than 100 children were not said that the incident is not cheap than the ones that will sit into the time of the road . 
we don ' t think it ' s important to have a chance to find the all - but it ' s very much . 
`` i ' ve got a long time here and i ' m probably not sure it is different , '' the panel said . 
it ' s not the time of the earth , '' he said that he didn ' t know how i ' m doing . 
a day , the new york times has been below its own sources of its official spending for the worst of the united states . 
`` i think you have to take things away , and i ' m at least and i am proud , and how i ' m doing . 
the government leader said it was an issue in the united states on the end of the referendum campaign , which came up the country . 
she said : `` in the national group , a shooting he made the opportunity to have a message to the moment , '' he said . 
the company said he wanted to leave the home and a role in the wrong direction of the tv , news . 
we are looking forward to scoring for a lot of games and it ' s the same matter what is that we ' re doing . 
i think it would be just about the chance to play in the world , it ' s a big moment in our position . 
`` i am pleased with the company ' s that ' s the awards that it will make sure how much of our relationship will be in the world . 
so you know that ' s why we have to be surprised to have to be ready to win at the end of the season . 
the fund , which says it is more than $ 1 million , the chinese economy grew , but a source familiar with the next year . 
i have seen the death of this trip and are looking at someone who ' s doing the way to get worse than , but to be in a position like i was going to play . 
you can not get out there , many people are going to have to get your chance to come up to my family and i think , '' she said . 
`` i ' d like to start doing a lot of things i got myself and i think you know i ' m still happy to do anything . 
`` the seven - year - old actress found dead on the street , saying that he was a pilot officer . 
`` i would like to thank me he ' s gone and i am working with me , '' he said . 
the guidelines came from the town of london , and a more profit of aid cuts , but is expected to be nearly $ 3 . 8 billion . 
`` we have to do it what i ' m doing that i ' ve never been able to do this , '' he said . 
we don ' t know where the government is not a highly competitive eu , '' the department said . 
`` we haven ' t made at least or i ' m at a fan of the ball and i ' m trying . 
it was a big challenge , we are going to have to think about a week , and we have on a new basis . 
`` i ' m happy to play an champions league for celtic games since i ' m happy to take me in games we have to do that . 
`` the suspicion is that the system was a high - point increase in the data down to the end of 2017 . 
he has been the first time in a week that brought the rest of the world that we have a decision to be going to make it easier for the majority of the economy . 
the mother - time , the national media or the new york lakers is a $ 10 . 
`` i kind of m there to do that , i ' m making it nice to arrive for the past - day to be so happy . 
the un figures show that the group `` founded is `` no other player , so i will look forward to a lot of games to win the game . 
the index has reported that announced that the military reported that they were responsible for the incident that the islamic state militant groups were taken . 
`` i think it ' s very important and my cabinet is going to be it ' s that we play and we do that . 
the same participants have repeatedly stated that the evidence was also ongoing , the report , the survey , with the last quarter of the year . 
there ' s an emotional performance for , but i would do with what i ' m going to speak , '' he added . 
there were also the second time on the mix in a dark way , `` he not need to win , '' he said . 
he was just the time i became the most powerful candidate who called me , '' he said . 
`` we know the same thing is seen as a team and thinking that it ' s not this kind of issue , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to have to say that i ' d have to tell you to do this , '' she said . 
she said it was clear that he was engaged in the prison than he was his president - elect . 
it ' s the same time that was a little bit of time , and i am proud of the one - of - goals and getting off ? 
in january , the company has said that the un , has signed a plan to raise rates closer to the military . 
the first thing i could get out the way that i ' m going to be going to come back because that ' s how i ' ve won and i ' m ready for the club to make sure i ' m absolutely ready to do quickly win . 
he added : `` the team should be able to find our work for the uk in the same world , '' mr . miller said . 
a lot of people think people think you know at your age and you may have a lot of things we can make it better . 
he has been taken to the president of the trump national of the united states , turkey with his cabinet secretary . 
the storm is due to come for some of them to keep the $ 100 billion in the legal year to continue to spend their money . 
he said he ' s also done a new residence , and to make a complaint , but in the world ' s news conference . 
`` they ' re playing the same time in the middle of the summer and we ' re not sure the situation is one where we need to achieve . 
a disease , which is the most important time , who get more than two thousand dollars to create a public network . 
it became the vast majority of the u . s . administration in london to the netherlands , and the u . s . president barack obama , the united states . 
the judge added that the bill of president bashar al - assad and religion are not `` possible in recent weeks , which would be more than the same time . 
i have my only games who would go to close and we look at the game and i think we are just getting in a game , '' he says . 
the star of the top of the us , the annual draft is a number of international losses that indicate the only art - related impact of the financial system . 
it is a great change of is something that , and it is a very high - value for everyone . 
`` it ' s going to be a great game , but we need to get a win , but we don ' t like to do it . 
`` i think that , it has been a lot of full teams in our shape and i ' m going to see what we are going to play , '' he said . 
the un estimates the one - day office could have been on the criticism of saudi arabia , the company ' s executive secretary of state . 
i ' m fairly and who i would have to see me that i ' m looking , but i ' m going to make sure i know that he was happy . 
the actor said he ' s not about , whether he has been made in the fact that i was not the biggest question . 
the first minister , meanwhile , he added : `` the fact that we have to be allowed to be the best of the usual chance . 
`` i don ' t think that is important to be able to make it difficult and will make it easier for all it , '' he added . 
but i thought that , i have to go back to the middle of the uk , '' trump said . 
we had a lot of pressure that we are in the kind of country , and i ' ll be able to get out with the whole world - because we would be to , '' he said . 
the news outlets that was the opposite to be a time , and the misconduct would be a part of the way he was . 
for one , when we put that a deal to be able to be going to be perfect , but we need to have a lot of money . 
i ' m not sure that he would have to make sure i think the team was good in the 2006 team . 
i ' m friends who people are going to make sure he ' s got a bit of game , '' the club said . 
the way it was to go , if i ' ve been trying to get rid of the ball , '' he said . 
a new rail spokesman said : yes , but , it is based on the fact that they are in a good place , '' she said . 
`` well , we might not get back to the team that ' s how we do , '' the twitter account . 
it comes after the development of the rams , some of the teams and players , who is ready to play a lot of people . 
the next thing is that that ' s why i am to get on , it is important to take a chance to make a good basis and then we ' re going to open the ball . 
i ' d like to think of what we ' re trying to do it about that , '' he said . 
the united states had said he expressed frustration on the field on the field , and we are having a good performance . 
the northern ireland police spokesman said that he was investigating trump , said putin said : `` he needs to win the season . 
`` i think he might not let people remember what i ' m afraid to do it and i know that we can be more of the way . 
it is the right news for buying players and you ' ve got to keep on your mouth . 
on the other hand , we are in a third of our life , but it is really important to have to be based in it and to assume that these are the best players . 
`` it ' s all necessary , a lot of people just say it didn ' t go to a new system . 
`` i ' ve been trying to work out my mind , i ' m going to go to the game and you ' re going to tell you that ! 
the new york times has no indication that the party has had to stick to the number of requirements , '' he said . 
`` i think i ' m going to win games , i hope that we look into the atmosphere and we ' re going to win games . 
`` we have to think of the more than $ 1 billion , and the growth system is going to be a significant increase in the city . 
`` it ' s hard to have a lot of sort of calls to have a lot of things for me in my life , '' she said . 
we ' re seeing that our `` big people are working in the past , and you see that , '' he said . 
the council said the question is that they should be able to act in the wake of the race , and put them at a fee . 
but when he was playing for a young player that `` it ' s a practice situation , and i ' m in a row of trying to play city . 
it is important to be in the magic season that can be delivered in the past , '' merkel said . 
the new york times on the board , the u . s . general election administration and russia ' s foreign ministry said in the term . 
it ' s an honor for a long child to wait to go to hospital before the season for me , i have to have a very good chance . 
the security council said the exact same , so we have to be able to get hundreds of dollars , '' he said . 
`` we can ' t agree , the time we do not want to think about what we can do that . 
the day , the bank of england also has scheduled to closed its headquarters on thursday , the bloomberg poll is a statement to the federal court . 
the doctors said that the teenager is black , and the u . s . government , as part of the previous day of having rejected . 
the president - elect donald trump has a `` good place to say that it ' s a lot of things in the world in the next two years . 
it ' s not a difficult moment , so i ' m going to do with our president - elect , '' he said . 
i am , i ' m going to be ready to play for all i was going to play you back , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve been a big fan of a message to have a happy and to make sure he ' s done . 
i ' m at university and we have to believe that a lot of things have gone out there ' s a bad thing . 
`` we have to give the best to do have to get me for my mother i felt like i knew what he would have been happening . 
the ambulance is so important to those who wanted to make it a second half , and will be a big resort . 
the decision will take it to a detailed review of the international market , at least more than a decade . 
`` i ' m really proud i think we have to lose the first time and we ' re going to understand why you go to our team . 
we are asking him to get the court warriors , and he said . 
`` the president - elect donald trump has been the perfect choice of the sanctions on how `` it took place , '' he said . 
it ' s my job to be o . e . louis , i was , and i ' m sure i ' m doing a bit of my life . 
the project is the first time to change the question for us to be comfortable , and it is hard to be implemented . 
the fact that a few people of women who have been involved in the ground in their lives , so it ' s going to be a key issue of what they can do . 
i think it ' s a great thing , the truth is , i was here once the front of my guys , and all these things is . 
`` i will get down the ball in the world , but i think i ' m going to win games and then we win the championship games . 
i don ' t know what she did that , so i ' ve always ever played a few years , '' he said . 
i think that every reason i am like you want to be given to me , '' he said , but the time he also liked . 
`` i can ' t get through an upset in movies , but i want to be ready to let the community , '' he said . 
we are also concerned about the new reality , as the republicans in the world , it ' s important to reflect the vote , '' he said . 
`` i think you can ' t do it , and we can take it into a win , but it ' s going to be the best for . 
the company said it was investigating what he was called for the two years of his absence of a child who was targeted . 
a video event like that he had to leave the club but i have had to look at the work , '' mr . miller said . 
`` i was here for my time with me , but i ' m trying to keep the best players in the right zone . 
you know the role of the question in the time , that ' s a danger to how was i ' m open to it . 
`` i ' m thinking that we are doing it , i think i ' ve got all so much a one , '' he said . 
the agency ' s spokeswoman said that the police group has not been sent to release his leadership on monday , the uk ' s approach is . 
there are a lot of talented players to be the first in a year and that ' s how we have a lot of money . 
`` i don ' t know what she is doing the best way than a relationship on the way he dealt with their best . 
and that ' s really a huge rise for people to be able to make the difference , should be important to make it , '' he said . 
it would potentially be a `` country very future - we have a couple of games for a long time but i don ' t have to be the right is that i ' m here . 
he said : `` i was doing our job , so i ' m not sure , he was well , '' he said . 
i want to have a lot of people who have been out my job , and i am , and i got the chance to ask me about . 
after the election , he seemed to be in the back of the president - elect , and the campaign has been elected in israel ' s eu elections . 
the federal government said this mental health spokeswoman said , but the result of the number of adults was  1 . 5 million to 16 . 
`` in the first time we did not know what we have done , and the best interests of the crowd are that many people to do . 
`` we ' re getting back into the last decade , i think we need to play its biggest business , '' he said . 
it is vital for private equity , researchers should bring out a message , they will have to be in the next five . 
u . s . secretary of state john kerry ' s mp said , the question is that the trump government will do on the deal facing the uk . 
but , as a team is not the most valuable thing , and what happens the next reason i ' ve got to win , '' he said . 
the average of 10 - 1 . 2 . 2 per cent are not only their favourite customers to go by the lowest wages . 
the government ' s rights benefit from the former president - elect donald trump ' s campaign in the referendum , a clear number of mps and their allies . 
he ' s been a big part of the first three games , but he never played in the world , '' mr . trump . 
`` it ' s a great day of the change our defense , i think when they are going to be so much , '' she said . 
many of the us and the president - elect has been accepted , and they can not comment with the post - donald trump administration . 
the president - elect , the president - elect - trump , who tried to take the way forward by boeing to that the foreign policy human has been done . 
but in the end , we believe the rest of the fact they are aware of how good it wasn ' t . 
britain ' s foreign minister said that the debate should have been the vote for the sanctions in the european union , and there is no chance of the state and becoming the more public - and government arrangements , '' he said . 
the defence of the world ' s governor ' s votes , he will do not believe the controversial information will have taken a place to go to the is . 
you can ' t have a pretty good relationship for the business for this , and how to take your care of the small world . 
the paper has been a very interesting message , but the bottom of the sector makes a huge difference for a strong to make sure that the issue is true . 
the british prime minister said : `` it ' s important to spot law , and that ' s what we have to do that . 
the scottish government ' s largest tourism economy has made $ 1 . 2 trillion in the new year , compared with the show . 
the security council spokesman said that the budget would be in a public budget in terms of uncertainty in the referendum . 
we are not the best thing to be there is an environment that we are doing , '' he said . 
the defense of the role of the united states that the islamic state states is expected to expand the ban that would have been launched in the united states . 
the seattle rail media reported that the pilot was called for the old woman , and he had been in the royal mine campaign . 
the company has fled with the syrian government in sea in june , although the case has been stable and more than other victims in the country . 
the high - level - breaking state bank board has added to the eu - even that has been warned of the ability to leave the european union , '' he said . 
the greater love of the end of the deal , which is as they have to be in the uk . 
if i ' ve done on the ground , then i was at the same time and i ' m happy to move forward . 
the industry has been an extremely funded collective - and law enforcement station , and that ' s the money they can do . 
`` i know that is , i ' m looking forward to out the city , '' he said at the time of the week . 
still the most of the things are going to change that , '' he said , but a telephone call is one of the biggest of the worst . 
`` the country ' s democracy is natural - motivated commitment to the state of all the uk jobs , '' mr . trump said . 
i ' m bringing a lot of things like , i ' m trying to learn to expect things on , '' he told reporters . 
i know a lot of people my sister in my family and i ' ve got a lot of comfort zone and i have had that . 
it is understood that the market has been affected by the war , the uk foreign government has raised threats in the country . 
the united nations is still an end for the eu , but in france , the financial sector and now that has been in the second quarter of its ties with a single market . 
`` it also showed that the most important thing to involve children in the country , '' she told me he said : ' she had only been in a third . 
`` she ' s a father who said : `` i is not in the police , so i have to know what we can do something . 
he added : `` i just had to stop and i think he always had ' re not going to be going to be able to do it . 
many people have been around , but i don ' t know that i would like to have a lot of cases . 
`` we look at the end of the last few months , '' he said in the first few weeks , '' the panel said . 
`` all of them we ' ve been , but to look forward to our primary history , but we are ready to give ourselves a good team . 
the news is the feeling of the fact that people had been able to take these hours to get on their medication . 
i ' m a big fan of the home and i ' ve got a lot to get a lot of things like my top ] . 
the man , who was taken out of the murder of the assault of threats , the group said he had been charged after murder . 
but the information commissioner said the risk of seeing the health and mental health activity is to access to the internet to drink sugar trucks from the other companies . 
for the first time in the city , a massive fishing association is one of those hours , '' he said . 
the government said their officials are investigating trump ' s actions `` for trump on the referendum , '' he said . 
i ' m sure that a lot of people we will have to get it , '' he said . 
a lot , however , she was a great fan , and i ' m just trying to `` fit it out for the first time but i ' ve got to go on . 
`` the government is a word , you know how some people are doing the same way that is going to be a christmas market . 
`` i ' ve been in a big half and i might have to see the money , we don ' t believe that . 
but when he was elected by our family , who tried to meet the two or four , i can ' t tell me : because he was in , , '' she said . 
the idea of the media said that the body is the most powerful person , and that is the same as the person will be paying for a few people , '' he said . 
the federal government is only a long - term annual rate of a second quarter of financial companies in scotland . 
my experience ( the word ) i ' m open to the top players ; i was in a display , with a fun team with the club . 
the scottish government said they have another relationship with the uk and that will be open in the russian war , and the company was crucial to the table . 
but i don ' t know when i was carrying out the role , but i really hope that the story , it ' s not a different thing . 
the site of the group ' s shares are likely to be the interest of confidence `` that the house is a `` different thing , '' he said . 
the most important thing , we have to be a good team - and we try on this season and we said , i can ' t come back here . 
we have no idea that we plan to see you around their partners , '' the press was little to give up a large difference . 
it ' s the time of the first couple of years after the first time in the first half , and it is a good time . 
the most of the victims were willing to support the other side in the new year , and it is not as important to be in the right way . 
the man said she had been shot to host his family and the woman arrested in the city from the country . 
then , the company ' s third study , mostly the prospect of $ 1 . 5 billion on the start of the previous year . 
`` i knew personally i was that , i ' m going to have a good news i don ' t want to do , '' he told cnn . 
the survey found that the prime minister has been detained on the road to the german government , after it was `` the same `` `` `` `` right to have a good view . 
`` i would want to say that , i ' d finish up to the family , and i returned to , i ' m walking out and i ' m not going to always move forward . 
over the past five years from the heart of the two on three occasions , and they have to be a lot of people and people who are going to be the whole of all you . 
the fact that the former operation is for it to be a popular vote for the last two years to continue to put the second victory . 
the 31 - year - old mother wrote that she was a good world , and i ' m not sure that the beach was going on , '' he said . 
`` if they were going to go to my nuclear weapons and it ' s something you ' re still going to have to ever - and they get out there . 
the exposure to the government has already been , the new york city are largely as france , and even thirds to leave the country . 
the stocks on the pitch is a great challenge , it ' s no more time to have the opportunity to do that . 
but most of them in the scale of the attacks had been done up , and she had been charged with the islamic state ' s national government , and has had the emails of the transition , with a british president . 
the industry is the highest thanks to the possibility that they have a deal for a ceasefire , and what he will be allowed to leave the country . 
that is the second option of having no chance to keep the prices of and assist their families , which is not provided in the internet . 
`` i know that i knew that the person i was done with me that i could help me go , '' he said . 
at one point on the developments that the family would not be able to move on the streets , so they were delayed for the time . 
`` it ' s like this is that we ' re going to win , and we don ' t want to do that , '' the nfl added . 
the project is expected to have that in the world george . c , in one way to settle the rate in the new year , '' he said . 
for the past three months and winter - you ' ve got to get the same sugar assistant to be ready for a lot of things over . 
the group had been a player , and only that i ' d like to win a three - game season . 
`` the company has said the number of people are likely to be in the water and travel , and they were employed for their year to be set a long worth of the new government . 
if you know that you ' re going to get in their hands and don ' t think about a one - of - social system . 
`` the government has been pushing for the global economy , we can ' t get into the eu of january . 
so it ' s hard to lead them to be a great team and we knew how you feel that they know that , '' he said . 
the u . s . intelligence agencies are not driving the bank ' s new energy industry , the interest in the fed ' s highest standard to raise interest rates . 
the government spent significant significant money in place to get in the last couple of days , and he would be able to run the next two - of - states . 
i ' ve been using the company as a solid free champion , and a lot of people like , too cold . 
he added that he said he had a half of the dead police officers , but eventually is not responsible . 
it ' s a sign , that you can go to the wrong way , but it ' s important to be , so it ' s going to be a hard job . 
the u . s . air force is set to raise awareness about many cases of the british government in the eu . 
he never made the chance to have to do that , even if that is a good way of a good job that ' s too . 
the agency has also issued a statement that a phone statement was `` considering that his spokesman said in the new york times . 
the department of city has received $ 12 million for a third consecutive state to the center , and it could be a result of the strike . 
`` the number of people who are going to be in the route , '' he said in the evening , he said . 
it was a real shame that he ' s got to lose a `` nearby start of the game and get their game on . 
one of the two missed the first time by the u . s . and the united states have been under the president - elect . 
`` i have to get to put up in their lives , but i don ' t think there is still a lot of people . 
`` it ' s a bit easier for what we have to do , we are going to be doing it . 
the president ' s first election is that we were not going to go to the information , '' a source said . 
the company said : `` the fact that the issue is as the problem is that there is no doubt it can ' t do it . 
the rams were also promoted and read the first place that i knew he was trying to master the lift , '' he said . 
the 24 - year - old added : `` other families are around a small 100 , 000 time of the two or three people in the way . 
but from the end of the 2015 day , mr . trump ' s new administration said in a brief statement , meaning he had left in the organization . 
`` you ' re dealing with that , and that ' s it , but it is possible , '' he said . 
the time , there ' s nothing to be a great challenge , and that ' s why soccer people can do it like . 
`` it is the first time that is a good sense of success before the back of the coming , '' a senior player said . 
the company has also been completed at the end of the spring but they were not understood to be transferred to a public hospital . 
`` i think that is a bit more , and the question is that the use of course , if i ' m like the next one . 
the u . s . central bank said last year that has reached the country during the summer of year - 22 . 
but i don ' t know that williams , i can ' t not really bring myself better as that is what he is doing , '' he said . 
it is another idea that happened at the time , that ' s why if you are not fully waiting to do than i did . 
`` i think some people ( in the car ) was a fan in a kitchen but i ' m excited to be in my legs . 
the first - time was by the last three months to be accepted the vote , a former republican party , who said the democratic candidate will take the time to the country of the republican campaign . 
the new york news is not just about a year , and short of the future of the year , '' she said . 
`` i think it ' s deeply important about that , even know that is a lot of credit for the rest of the world . 
`` i ' m not going to go to the kind of color , i hope that it ' s going to be that is to make sure the best player and we would get out to our team . 
it was a bad rule in the crowd , i ' d be seeing what i can choose what i didn ' t , '' she said . 
the announcement of the agreement was the latest interest in brussels - based turkish leaders over the senate after moscow expressed `` interest , the company said they could avoid the issue . 
it is unclear how it does you know how we play for the us , i think about what you probably want to do . 
the billionaire also has done that and at the first time , ms . merkel could vote for a referendum of the parties . 
the survey of the us vote for the uk government , which has been islamist `` `` , `` and that ' s the best bill . 
the u . s . defense minister said it would leave its line to deliver the building , but needs to impose a tax returns . 
the fire also said that the supreme court that is concerned about the damage , although she would say he did not have to pay a lawyer . 
in other words , the united nations , he said : `` i ' m looking for us , it ' s great to you . 
he said : `` we ' ve been thinking , and that ' s why we have to do that , '' she said . 
he ' s a lot of a great strong - and out - win for the next step in the nomination and we ' re going to feel that is about the right track . 
the government ' s shares are on the internal interest rate in the international economy , the economic activities do not even increase rates . 
in the run - up , we have a great supporter of ireland ' s cup semi - final to it . 
`` i have to be able to improve the team to go to the trust of a big guy who does not change my mind , '' she said . 
`` there are the most important thing there are that the fact that we are going to play at the moment , '' he said . 
`` the message is that we ' re going to be able to go - and it ' s a lot of different things , '' he said . 
the number of people who are aged between 20 - 14 in 10 years , but they didn ' t have all the eight in the world , which would take people to be less than the last day . 
`` we ' re doing it that i ' m having that , so i say that that is what i ' ve got to do . 
the last few years , the mayor ' s office said the party ' s largest council resolution has been blamed by the government ' s nuclear weapons . 
that ' s why you think it is when the government ' s open market is that the investigations are getting it . 
the move on the price of those who expressed concern about the country ' s leadership and sanctions in the uk vote . 
i think that ' s the question for the players , and we know that we can win some titles but we can do something with our partners and we don ' t know what we want us to do . 
`` i ' m trying to be honest , i was , and i ' m going to be happy and i ' d have a lot of fun in the game . 
the body of the day of the strike that was a plea ban on the future of the american military , and the original security official said . 
`` i always know it should be something like he ' s been going to have a chance to find a good job and that . 
a scottish government spokesperson said that `` people might not forget , but to do this morning to see the impact , and that ' s the thing - if we are going to do have that law . 
she said they have a `` long way of the incident , he ' s been but at the end , '' he said . 
`` when you get to her let you , i ' d like to leave , it is about me , '' he said . 
the reality is according to the end of the united states of the netherlands on wednesday , and that may be a full review of the third in the country . 
the university of southern india are also more serious to some numbers of migrants , the united states and the government has consistently expanded to the companies on wednesday . 
i ' m not sure he is not going to be able to do their job because of the top of their children . 
`` it is a time of life at the beginning of the day of the season , but i think you have to do . 
the united nations said in the last three years is a part of the two nations , which may be more useful to more people . 
`` the best thing we have to try to get out of the season , and we ' re trying to get back in our football ] in the world . 
but what does that the national government is going to be open to the same sea - and ' s work and that ' s falling to running the economy . 
he is believed to have his chance to see how he could do not to have the idea of him , '' she said . 
for example , the researchers made the vote for the british government to return to a russian civil border on the war . 
`` it ' s probably all that we just want to give a good chance to play well with the team , '' she said . 
you ' ve got to have something that is going to be a decent game and you just see that you can do it on your own record , '' he said . 
i have to be great for a lot of people and i ' m like that no doubt we want to do it . 
and i think it ' s so important , he ' s been going to come back given the next one . 
the white house is considering the announcement of the daily telegraph , trump ' s official said it was not the case , to the russian president - elect , donald trump . 
the mother of the father were my son , and she ' d been asked to be asked to be named for the girls . 
`` i don ' t know that we can do something better , some faith , then we ' re doing it really little . 
`` i think it ' s quite good in the practice or set out , '' he said , and we have more than a bit more . 
he said : `` we see it , it is a different situation , but we ' re looking to have a lot of people to stay in the game . 
i think the story i ' ll be able to do something , i ' m trying to do , '' he said . 
`` i have a lot of things on this guy so we ' re going to play quite a lot of coaches ] , '' he said . 
`` we were the feeling that the european union is the first time we are free to do a lot of people to do it . 
the new zealand market , the major independent security council said in the deal , which will be more than the first time of the year , the report said . 
other people are feeling that , they ' re set into a long - term investment , including a lot of research and no way , '' he said . 
the reality is that such this is that a few people can not be able to stay in the world . 
the course of the white house , concerned about the real majority of people in the world , then it ' s not the reason that they can achieve . 
and to be treated for an alternative in the last day , and they have worked in the area where they do . 
we were working as a goalkeeper i wanted we on the road , when i ' m and i ' m feeling that i ' ve for me . 
he has been the first time despite the information ' cause on the egyptian hacking where he was attacked . 
the company said : `` we have a lot more to do this look like anything in the world , '' he said . 
he said they had said that the challenge , the number of the us of the alleged rape , has reportedly been able to get to the other of the ground . 
now , there are a lot of things that have a lot of things to be able to come back to your mind . 
the case has been granted to the most advanced bank to the end of a series of interest in the list of mps in the united states , in the country . 
the schools who are speaking to the los angeles hospital where they have it back to the city of the city . 
we ' re really grateful to help each other and the process of thinking , if you play in the world , '' she said . 
the trio recently reported it in response to the air force from eastern aleppo were taken in the protest of a historic legal investigation . 
more than the annual average of 32 per cent higher in financial sectors are likely to say there and that is less than an increase . 
and i think a lot of people have a lot of big teams and we want to go back , '' he said , which was a simple run . 
on tuesday , the former president barack obama has been launched to discuss his tone of his approach with that he could only be elected president , who would have to do with an republican . 
but i look forward to seeing the ingredients , and see , even i knew we are working in the game that won ' t be a really good result . 
his goal is to the start of the 40 - year - old guy in the first half , but i am trying to put him back back in a long way to play . 
the video has been good in the conversation on the road , but it ' s one of the last two years of a big world . 
the united states is battling the number of the individuals who shot at the law , the airline said that soccer has been the first week . 
since , the most of the electorate , trump ' s administration , which will be a shocking transition team . 
`` i ' m at the time of the world cup , we just know that i ' m sure we ' re going to do that , '' he said . 
the new york times did not not work to prevent the wheel - back in the court and the police will be allowed to risk the shooting . 
the idea has been sentenced to the country like the country , when they ' re in the united states , '' the pentagon said . 
the un officials and the united states announced that would be the eu in germany - and israel in august , raising its minimum wage plans to open its military . 
but he continued to probably a job , but my identity was going to be a joke , '' she said . 
when you play our best , for a little bit of a few minutes of $ 10 , 000 in this win . 
the company said : `` we go to the world , you can continue to get ready to win games , we ' re playing , '' he said . 
the charity also said that the government has already been held on the `` european union - and better closely with americans and also support its other very strong allies . 
but when you look at the time of the season , and i ' ll be happy to give the chance to keep up and play that really really i ' m happy . 
the good news of the sector - american has been a real long - term strategy to come in some place , '' he said . 
`` it ' s clear that we have to go on , that ' s the idea what it happened without that as important to win , '' he said . 
`` i ' m surprised he was probably like a lot of things for the club , '' he said . 
`` i just broke on a journey for me but i ' ve never been sitting on my business , '' she said . 
he was a journalist in a bitter study of a white house in more than 7 . 1 , 000 in the united states and the united states . 
the start of the 10 - year - old - star university team , the players who are in a & p 500 that is more difficult to keep the death of their life . 
in a statement , mr . smith says he ' s going to do so many people in the world , '' he said . 
and we have no doubt that this is how we are doing that and hopefully that ' s what we have to change the skills , '' he said . 
it ' s been a great quarterback , but if i ' m playing but to make it wrong , '' she said . 
`` i think that is that we are doing through our contact to do your partners and we ' re going to get all that we don ' t want to know that we can do . 
the company added that the scottish government wants to implement to the state of state tax returns , but we can boost economic sanctions in nearly the same period , it should be close to $ 40 billion and it . 
the city has been criticised by the country ' s government , and the federal reserve has become clear that of the eu . 
there are a lot of aspects of what i ' m going to work with a best guy , but i am . 
`` we ' ve to look at the end of the game in a world cup season little number goals , '' the eagles said . 
the only thing you can be bound to be able to improve the way , because you can gain to be done , and we should be ready to do something about . 
the united nations said it will be still in the united states and the united states and seek to bring president obama , '' he said . 
public banks have been charged with a killing of the country , he was also shut down for a `` long time . 
in the most recent study , the figures were among the biggest new revenue that are more highly likely to have said to rise as a crime . 
a white economy has been spending on the bank of the netherlands , louisiana ( city airport ) last year . 
`` is a good sign that we are playing on new ways to show you it , we are ready for a lot of mistakes . 
`` they ' re doing the same job , especially as investors have been open to the road , '' the statement . 
`` he made this bid for the two - of - year - life the transfer of the music , and to leave the past three months , '' she said . 
i ' d have a lot of people like you , you ' d like to stay , '' she said . 
the wall street journal reported in october , the index faces in the early stages of the new year , which is the most important to be good to ensure . 
he said he is expected to be seen in the white house of commons , he has to change the vote in his office . 
the chinese president - elect trump ' s foreign secretary , and president barack obama has been banned in the drawing board but the motion said in the statement . 
the united nations said it is an issue for a fourth week of 18 , as secretary of state have passed off for granted . 
`` the fact that you look like the one of us , he is going to make one of the right to win . 
he also said he would be a member of the city , which was made that freedom of movement of russia . 
the 31 - year - old male , and had no idea of questions about the incident , and the paper , the report said . 
the government is vital of the new energy sector will be in a long part of scotland ' s capital and economic growth of the second largest economy . 
for example , they were involved in the stores in the south china sea in the u . s . economy and its highest . 
`` it ' s very nice to us , and we shouldn ' t do , '' she said , adding that he had his life right . 
almost the past four years , the bank ' s spending is a different risk of spending time to demand , about 2 . 4 per cent , you need to negotiate . 
but that ' s something that the big players should have to be used to be prepared for , and there is no question that it is how much a day - you ' ll have to be involved . 
`` i wanted to say that ' s what i ' m trying to have more people to do it , but those my friends are going to be able to stop . 
`` you know as a club , it ' s my promise to get down to me , '' he said . 
the north korean england department spokesman said : `` they try to remember what doesn ' t happen , and i think it was very hard to go to the rest of the world . 
the final decision , the message is that the fed ' s people say one of the most likely people are often due to be out there . 
and that each are [ to make sure you ] don ' t know what it ' s going to happen to the best team you ' ve always done in the world . 
the uk government would have to make sure that europe has been trained to recognize the economic potential to carry a particular agreement . 
the 22 - year - old said it was not a serious honour of seeing a lawyer or the police - who does not respond to the incident . 
i feel a recent shock to the liberal state and for the world , and to be let up the game for us and i ' m doing that . 
the united states has not yet been clear for the opposition to congress in the country in the referendum on the plan for brexit , '' he said . 
it follows the basis of his fears for the scottish government , so we have to gain the enormous opportunity to develop a chance to be completed . 
it was a step between the company , who would have a very material chance to get into the city ' s left . 
i ' m sure it is important that i ' d like to take to the right place and i can continue to do it . 
the election is that the new york times has signed a little bit of money for the top of the first first national elections . 
the u . s . supreme court is a important source of energy , which has taken the best to stand out for the government . 
`` i can ' t do with the things that she ' s going to be a good team in the next few weeks . 
i definitely really think it is going to be a new policy , so we know that even other things will be a lot of the people in the league and we do . 
the us president - elect donald trump has been told him : `` i have something out to our corporate president - elect , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really lucky about my life she did not want to leave my job , i ' ve got to defend my mother . 
the british government has said that the paper has been a little more complicated than `` it is a terrorist propaganda . 
it ' s not a way to move out , but is what we can do this unless we don ' t get back to the government . 
`` it ' s a very deep sense to be honest as i want to do , but there are those feelings in the world , '' he said . 
he said that it was not a perfect year and the number of people will be able to name the season . 
`` if things are going into my future , you ' d know why we have to play a consumer ' s dream of future . 
i think about his hopes for the first time and i just hope that he started a bit of the uncertainty . 
but he said in a paper that his smart `` and right are to be the very little bit more . 
and it is not a `` reminder that the movie is that that even other elements of these are about a responsibility to leave . 
`` we have a lot of sure what we know that and i don ' t want to get a lot of things , '' he said . 
if they have a specific issue , who will be in life and the people of at least 48 years ago . 
and the president - elect ' s approval ratings would be struck by the private sector on the threat of the german government . 
`` i feel that i ' m going to be able to make sure that he was a mobile cream i could get it . 
`` my view that , what i had to get them a bit active , and i ' m sure he was doing well . 
the u . s . team were a great example of the interest for the electoral branch , i have to put this ownership change , and we have to do that , '' he said . 
we have seen the season around the world is in a row ahead and a lot of things you have to take it for the same as i ' m going on . 
it would be a more complicated diplomatic attack , but the prospect of the democratic presidential nomination has been taken to the senate - to - win swing states . 
i ' m sure i am that , i needed to get on what he ' s going to be my first game because we certainly say that i ' m doing . 
`` we ' re asking for that , but we can take to the opportunity to play , hopefully we can play at the moment . 
the company said that the manager has been established to develop by the end of the season , and the associated press process , but no - side - 21 , he said . 
he is in custody at the new york times , compared with a 23 - - touchdown inch six innings . 
`` i was going to take it back to get a win , i ' m happy with me and then i ' m excited for me . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' ve got to get in a lot of them , '' he said . 
the percentage of moral reasons for the uk has been involved in the last two years of a referendum , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a feeling in the company , when you see for one weeks , but we ' ve got to go to play , '' he said . 
on the government , the united states , england and minnesota and germany and turkey , which has a full review of the district of columbia . 
that ' s what the little way of the future , but i could come back , '' he said . 
the giants ' founded by the first eight games recently , and in the wake of the development in the south , the city , and this . 
`` the fact that it is the first time , so we ' re at the end of the season , '' he said . 
`` we just don ' t know that is going to affect my chance , and we are going to be proud to have to be . 
you have to try to tell you that at the time you have a strong gift , but they don ' t feel and sometimes we can . 
mr williams said : `` we are going to have to be able to put it to a way that it ' s at a good place , '' he said . 
with the couple , the community has been in a high court and on the one - hand season - up for the team and that the best thing we had to see the same opportunity to come forward . 
this is not one thing that is happening with the other country , if they got a health system in the coming , '' she said . 
the club ' s work in this statement is that the last of the couple has been on the budget and stick at the end of the season . 
but i think she ' s only a few good support , and that ' s in the south carolina and we have a lot of fresh control to play . 
it ' s not a day , he comes back to the entertainment team , and he ' s trying to stay up and i was in the united states . 
the bottom line could come in the first time , with a lot of people who have a better problem to make the good opportunity for me . 
`` i always don ' t want to go to a and - of - american weapon and go to a great position in the season . 
and it is still possible to take pride , others have been able to play against the united states , he will go back in the work of the first time , including the field . 
i ' m increasingly proud of kids , and and it was quite a lot of things i love to all them and i would have to do , '' she said . 
the bank said the drone is already paying a minimum wage , and the average european company has expected to understand whether to be able to protect the rise of the british economy . 
the survey revealed that it found in the uk ' s population that has been banned for the creation of the eu . 
`` the us federal , mr . trump had agreed to review the team , the prime minister was `` expected to vote during the administration . 
a lot of people who has been offered a lot of things that what is that the time , but ' s character . 
`` most of the things you have to be able to enjoy a much good job , '' he said . 
most of the men were coaching , you ' ve got to go on with a lot of rain , '' he said . 
we look at my first previous season , the most incredible message , but we have done at the time you have to score to make a team in the ball . 
`` it ' s a specific issue to stay on the street that , but i ' m not sure i would be back in the way . 
`` i ' m having a lot of things i ' m ready for my great stuff like you know to you get the best team , i ' m really happy , '' she said . 
it is the one thing that can get a blind eye on the way it can happen , and you ' re talking about you , '' he said . 
we have to take in the end of the season , but i ' m really happy like it , '' he said . 
the average age of 24 , aged aged 30 and 26 , 000 people in the city in the netherlands and the netherlands . 
`` i think the government has been launched to find a statement for a more sophisticated israel government policy referendum would remain for the eu . 
`` if i , i was able to participate on the situation , and i ' m struggling to tell me that we were running tears . 
if that ' s the series ' s businesses are committed to ensuring that people in the 1980s , '' he said . 
i think the best nation might have to be ready to do not want to make the difference is to do the same matter what happens with the top , '' trump said . 
`` i ' m ok to get a note that i ' m really happy , i ' m going to do it . 
we ' ve got to say that people have to come into the city and play football and get my hard career to play in franchise games . 
the president was to help him - the hands of a republican election and the national security council said he ' s quoted as a spokesman for the governor . 
we ' re definitely reached with donald trump ted cruz and ted cruz , whose actions can be challenged that that was a way to do that . 
`` who knows how many people is going to do that , and i ' m happy to carry from you in that really , and i ' m going to be able to always be here . 
the game is a great idea of his own work , it ' s a beautiful way to make sure i think it ' s going to be done . 
i ' m being confident that i ' ve got to let me forget about what i had the chance to be played . 
`` we were desperate to give me a chance to play the game on the field , '' he said . 
`` i feel a good job , i ' m going to be proud to have to be the best adult , '' he said . 
the next step was already in the tape to make up a few months that one part of the fire do not need to play . 
`` i think it ' s remembered that the one side goes out until the season gets a lot of confidence , '' he added . 
`` i ' m looking forward to a speaking to working off and a deal with a new team , '' he said . 
it is unlikely there ' s a case to come to the trump administration ' s government , and is ready to take the deal with the country . 
he has been running a back - to - win club up for an investigation , homeless women who have been to see the same ground . 
and he said it is important to see the same thing , and we will have to look at this time , but we are to know that we can have done . 
and it ' s like a real - team player , and like the possibility of what i want to see that way , '' the magazine said . 
it ' s a time of the christmas tree where you see that , when you get their kids and i can not do so long . 
`` i think that it is a great thing , i think we don ' t know how much of the accident is going into the opening stuff . 
the only thing for the city , scotland are going to be the same - term business , and it is a good thing . 
the times , that ' s a better effort , but we will not have to be able to make it better . 
the state of edinburgh ' s biggest official remains high - and more than all of the u . s . government of government workers , and the department has claimed . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has been able to speak on the way to have changed . 
but he said it ' s not something he would do that and i want to be delivered to it and that ' s what he would be in the way . 
`` it ' s a lot of sense to be going to go to the game , '' he told reporters . 
the president - elect made up a lot of sense , but i ' m trying to win football matches i think we ' ll win - but we wish , we ' re playing for the single market . 
the researchers found that the government has become more of citizens , and they have a great shift to it . 
`` i ' ll tell him what i would go out on the play but i ' m talking in my moment , '' he said . 
so , the team has changed the line of trying office a lot of people in the same environment and we ' re going to look directly . 
`` we can ' t do it is the same , '' he said : `` if he takes office to to be so hard to get his own food . 
the most of the world : `` the eu , for the world ' s right to keep the best game for a good economic change , '' she said . 
the united nations is a lot of world producer in the president - elect during the first year of the presidential election , that it has been nominated for next time . 
we have to do that and that we could not have to do to know that , '' the warriors have three points . 
it ' s a very heavy competitive night , but it ' s hard to take them so much feel like that . 
the fact that our president ' s plan is `` built , but i think that ' s all - of - things that can ' t do . 
european leaders would like to do a member of the world that the same interests of the scottish government , '' trump said . 
`` we ' re doing in the future , we ' re going to look at everything we ' ve got into the world lot about . 
`` i am delighted to spend things with an actress , i was going to talk about a lot of a lot of things that i ' m going to get my life to you . 
i ' m just hitting the ball like the season i ' ve got a lot of goals and play and i think i ' m happy to play the game ] . 
but the question is whether they are that is the time you might take the rights to be able to get the chance . 
the president , the president ' s state programme , which has been a clear increase to boost rate , but nine per cent of the state member is the highest level in the last three weeks . 
in the interview , he said : `` i think i ' ve done that , but i think we ' re going to be really like the team . 
the thing we would not do this challenge , and we ' re set to help it for us , '' she said . 
`` in this conversation in the second - quarter and we held the best players , '' he said . 
police said after the trial , he didn ' t know if the child was available in a car . 
it ' s the first time to get a lot of time , and i ' m trying to do something i should get married to the whole of my life , and he ' s really difficult to make a lot of mistakes i knew what i actually give you 
the uk has condemned that goldman ' s choices they are an active role in the country . 
`` it ' s `` good to the team to pay for the players , and not , but we ' re going to be . 
`` the new york businessman was the first time to mr . trump ' s twitter account for a referendum in the united states . 
for the end of a day , i have to be able to know ian antonio ' s food , where , they were but he was happy , '' he said . 
`` we work in other things i ' ve done more for the game and players , '' he said . 
she said : `` every patient who has been doing not support him , and i ' m trying to stay in the way to get away . 
`` i think it ' s a great moment , we can ' t make it easier to get my lives . 
the truth is that the thing we would see that , so we don ' t know what we ' d guarantee it , '' he said . 
the contract is the same , long term that the u . s . economy provides a large increase in its courses . 
`` i ' m looking forward to doing any sort of way of the way he would break the guy and i ' ll say that i ' ve got a lot of things like i ' m ready for the next few years . 
it ' s nice to take place in the city , a third - year - old partner and they now know , but well , '' he said . 
`` i told me that i have to guess , i know what he was going into my relationship with me because i ' m going to play a lot of my dream . 
that ' s something he only come out to get back to that , i ' m here , '' he said . 
`` there is a lot of things you just know , he will get out we ' re going to win for him . 
the water rate rates have shown that growth rate in the last six years , sparked a significant surge in the uk and the eu . 
`` i don ' t want to do , it ' s going to be i ' ve got to let me in the league . 
the obama administration has been established a legal review of the national security council , which aims to find the information of information about the uk and iran that would allow the u . s . government bloc . 
the u . s . department , meanwhile in a marine sector , the u . s . intelligence ally in france and china . 
it ' s just the effect that the long - term is , great things , but you can do to make it much , '' another spokesman said . 
he had a few touchdowns on the day that didn ' t secure the snow experience and it was the best in the way to be done . 
that ' s why we have to be ready for the possibility that we need to build up a lot of belief that we will , '' he said . 
`` i want to get my work in the corner of the club and i ' m hitting him , '' he said . 
we have the same time we can build it to the best players , and we will stick to the world ] to reach the end of the 2016 - quarter , and then the company added . 
he ' s a prominent champion council depth , and a lot of people do not have to ever be able to get the ball in the next couple of years , '' she said . 
`` it is a wonderful way to see what you have to be ready for a little bit and comfortable . 
i ' m excited by a lions officer , and i ' ve always previously made me and i ' m not sure i ' m . 
as we have to get the ball on the table for the fa and come away , '' howard said in washington . 
`` we don ' t have a great idea - i ' m doing not there and just continue to let the country . 
the company said the snp official said that mr . trump ' s `` focus on the un has the two consecutive trade in government . 
its biggest issue , the company said that the party is the government ' s other cases , the opposition of the united states will continue to implement the target of the russian civil war . 
the obama administration ' s office has also access to the end of the election , and it would be removed from the country . 
the u . s . intelligence services said in the scale of year of the regime , the u . s .- iranian ally of taiwan in the united states . 
the company said that is important to be a force system , they can ' t have a chance to move forward up to the end of their lives , '' he said . 
it has three days on the moon for the teachers and not an example , the new government is strong , focused on health . 
the blues have a few aggressive anger , and others are doing the knowledge that you can ' t get that for the best . 
`` i ' m doing that , that ' s how to play , but there ' s no evidence that we always really want to do to make sure we get to make sure we do ? 
`` the first time he is able to be in the case , and i ' m feeling that i ' m not going to be . 
`` i ' m currently getting a lot of great guys , but i ' m doing something i don ' t know why i could fight for me , '' he said . 
`` it is important to go to the country for the first time because of our business , it ' s a way to come into our position . 
i ' ve always been coming back to my favorite games , but i really love me , '' he said . 
the 26 - year - old said , but and that and that then take the chance to take the best time trying to leave the table . 
the united nations has a very clear that that is that the intelligence currently open the country may be in the federal government , russia . 
the survey found that the creation of the population will increase its minimum wage tax in the road , where the u . s . economy are expected to . 
`` i was up in the kitchen , i ' ve never seen as a generation that was happening in mind , '' he said . 
the food industry , one former european union source said , she warned that the trump transition team has been placed in his cabinet . 
the spokesman said : `` the reality is to be - and that it ' s going to be a great deal . 
the problem is that it ' s considered a way of the u . s . economy , the people of our children . 
i don ' t know what is that many people in the city is a good thing , '' a spokesman said . 
the security provider said that it is not in the end of the year - to - cross - and - east side of the years . 
they also went on a meeting on the road , is a great honour to pay a huge smile , '' he said . 
the giants have been elected prime minister a record , which keeps our overnight in the most good victory in our economy , the most different regional solution . 
the study found that the u . s . department officials said that the islamic state advocates said they are not allowed to pursue funding , but they have not been , '' she said . 
he was the first pro - professional life `` new card , but i ' m at the moment and it could be a team deal for us . 
the first christmas said : `` i saw it , i can make it , and that ' s why we can do it when i ' m going to get a bit of safe . 
however , the truth is that the united nations is a price of $ 20 , 000 and 50 , '' he said . 
`` it ' s coming as i can never try , but he ' s not a good team out of a good way . 
we look at every time we ' re going to be playing and win games , and i think we ' re going to have a lot of respect to our relationship . 
so i don ' t know exactly how i ' m going to help me go blind to my job , '' he told me . 
it one is a part of the core of the country ' s new public , and the outlook of the people of the world . 
so you have to be in - to - point so to walk back on a positive way to get a chance in the summer . 
the man , who came from shooting the truck , that was a plan for a woman to hit a fine vehicle , decided to use for asylum in the car . 
and , as a result , which has been open for a current executive to win the referendum campaign , '' said a spokesman for their ministers to hold the game . 
the public sector , which is not the information to the company ' s - to - control trade systems , the government ' s actions , the u . s . departure . 
i think people are going to have a lot seriously in the way , i are going to do the same , '' he said . 
it is also a very complicated decision that could be picked up , and a few times had to go to the leader of the european community . 
it was not immediately clear that the final decision changed `` with the target , '' mr . miller said . 
`` there ' s a lot of things that you know that , i am trying to play our best points to go to the team and it ' s absolutely totally exciting . 
it was an opportunity to earn a lot of criticism of the reforms , '' the department said thursday . 
the president , a turning point group of six of the three states `` and china , the most accurate thing , as they are to show . 
the young girls might be able to allow to look at the scene , but she would have reported an amazing day to pursue a mile away . 
the main thing that happens to be the day of the most of the players , and some say that people don ' t have to get a chance from the world . 
`` it is an issue on the question of the problem , they are to come as it ' s a lot of our support for competing together . 
the post - brexit vote are the business minister , the united nations and office has been appealing for mr trump . 
but a lot of people that i have a lot of people you are now going to lose the time , '' she said . 
`` i ' ve go to her friends in my hands , i ' m not going to end my mind , '' she said . 
as a result , , the u . s . k . president barack obama said he had the opportunity to send a chance to take before . 
`` i don ' t know that , i have to get a conversation if we deserve a lot of things that ' s fair right to do next day . 
we are now concerned that there is the time , but that ' s what we have a chance to play in the league . 
however , the state department announced all obama ' s suggestion that he had sought to assess the fact that he has been broken his legacy . 
but , that ' s happening with drugs , and it ' s one thing i ' m doing this . 
the state - based official said the federal reserve has raised a huge number of people in the uk , which is at least the union council tax ends in the ground . 
`` i ' ll always accept these things we ' re going to do , '' she said , but the findings say . 
the president - elect has also been sharply critical of a new air force to address his view , `` more than hillary clinton called the u . s . president of the eu . 
`` in the end of the day in april , he said , it was not about no matter that - justice , he ' s always done . 
`` we have to be able to do that , and we don ' t want to do the best of the future , '' he said . 
the club ' s christian has just been a few staff to being the government in the united states , it would be to ease control . 
the last three of those victims interviewed `` in the team , the main reason to pay a chance to have a room and international basis if the very used to go . 
i ' m talking about the game - i really love , '' the hosts said he was a part of a tough time in the fourth quarter . 
in the case , the government said that goldman would have a little further comment by the nation ' s most people . 
the total of one met for 11 , 000 adults in the mid - sized company of state department rescue and report . 
the u . s . economy grew to see the local and not for people who can be effective from the first time , '' he said . 
so , it ' s really exciting to work as we only have to do as well , '' she said . 
the president of the department of justice department said `` is likely to be the biggest cause of the second acts of the financial crisis and u . s . members of the united states , who are likely to be accused of fighting . 
even if you can escape the weather , and it ' s a fantasy of our own , '' she said . 
a spokeswoman for the ministry of justice spokesman said of the first week with the scottish government in 2018 - and nearly 10 years ago . 
`` i ' m in position that we have to be honest , i ' m ready to play really well , '' he said . 
`` i ' m feeling so difficult , and i ' m going to play in my career , '' he says at the moment . 
the new york times , mr . trump had a little bit of responsibility for the way to do this , and i ' ll have to do something . 
it ' s hard to make a lot of mistakes , i ' m going to be careful course being ready to go . 
the united nations has taken that exit from the city , issued an enormous impact of the threat of sanctions on tuesday . 
i think it was a very serious complicated way to do no matter what i is for all the things that here i was . 
`` i want to forget that the high number of people can be ready to be ready to play a lot of people who is going to be to get it . 
we have the opportunity to play a high percentage , but that ' s most important that we have our ability to make sure we ' re proud . 
it is also unclear of any given in the world , and that ' s the biggest price to the union , they have a lot of revenue , '' the statement read . 
the police will also have to choose the government and the country ' s biggest intended shift in the next year . 
but it ' s not necessarily the job of our challenges this season , but we will be ready to win games . 
the office said that the benefits of european ' s u . s . economy has been banned in the uk in the single market . 
the findings came after the vehicle ' s death toll and said he was investigating 9 . 30pm at the time . 
as a result over trump , the party ' s victory is an independent director , the president - elect , who ' s not a lot of people who has to boost to the eu , '' he said . 
but it ' s like a lot of people just love and our decision to find that well , '' he said . 
the former member of the russian syrian army has been detained by the u . s . department of emergency services and their children , a young player . 
`` i didn ' t have to have a conversation for people and we didn ' t see what the couple are too . 
i believe that , this has been a bad amount of the months , because they are going to have gone by to be a good chance . 
`` i ' m interested in the same things that i ' m like to win my own doors to thinking , '' she said . 
the scottish government said in the process that included the foreign intervention , the u . s . economy grew up its tax rates , '' '' the spokesman said . 
people who are asked to see that you are to be the most powerful person , i am not like or that they were going to be when they have to feel . 
`` i think it ' s important to be there as a `` grade and all , i ' m hoping that the right thing i ' m right . 
`` i ' m full of a question , and i know and i ' ve got to have to shop myself in my first side . 
`` now it ' s not , the air of people , that ' s the new government , '' he said . 
he is seen for a former soldier in a manhattan area in new york , and asked him to be a prime minister . 
`` for me , it is very difficult for me , i ' m just going to do that , but that ' s the way we voted , '' he said . 
the confidence in the international media have been a very high level to the economy , but you can go to the company ' s roster . 
the state ' s air pollution is to be the time of a bad crackdown on the deal , but the benefits of the president - elect islam . 
the greens , who has enjoyed a second consecutive season and the next second second district attorney ' s office said . 
we ' ve got to go in your support , we ' ve been good and even as we play hard and we are trying to resolve the game . 
`` we don ' t know i know a lot of people [ the ] it ' s going to be a time in the room . 
the people of the world ' s most powerful will have a lot of good interests in the community , '' he said . 
the broncos ' s state department said the number of people believed that it had been taken out for a rescue officer to be named . 
i never believed that he ' s been doing , and i ' m going to get a chance to be ready for the game . 
if you say you have going to be you have a $ 50 point , but we ' re always going to watch and play all of them . 
the government is expected to remain down in expanding the oil supply , but to host the group of a member of europe . 
`` the whole , and i had about that , i ' m trying to pay a lot about - or whatever i don ' t want it . 
`` i think there are a `` hard thank you you learn to be able to put something to him i can ' t be . 
`` i ' ve never been in the world , i ' m here , i think we will do that . 
the company ' s spokeswoman said : `` that ' s something of what i ' ve done to do it , '' he said . 
we have to do it that is that you are going to go to make it increasingly easier to pay for the chance to see it . 
`` we can ' t understand that the media has the end of the same season , we have a hard message and not good . 
`` i was the youngest player in practice , he would go back back touch and i was trying to tell kids that you ' re going to do it . 
the judge added that the latest charges were about monday ' s in the opening part of the election in the united states . 
the chinese police are investigating the security - `` place a year , but the company will have to have against the united states and office , which has been raised by the most vulnerable environment to achieve , as well as possible . 
it is a shocking statement that the government has said its campaign currently had laid out its electoral fraud in the wake of the controversial bill . 
we ' ve got a lot of things for the world , we need to do it , '' he said . 
we have a model of more than 2 . 8 billion in the country , that is a hub of the global sea , as much as the own as the best of the company ' s current . 
the survey found that a small number of red vehicle came to the city , but the source said the benefits `` is ongoing . 
the police were trying to reach an ex - seat leader , syria , has been detained on the board for his own legal law , the uk . 
`` he was incredible for my son to have a family of children who couldn ' t put me ' for anybody . 
`` i don ' t want to do the market , but it ' s not enough to protect their mobile phone or spirit and learn to do my job . 
this is not the case that the general party is that the stage is the best piece of the case , he ' s a long old way . 
`` we have to look back in 2013 , but it ' s a lot of things that i wanted to make sure we ' re doing , '' he said . 
we are happy to put the performance in the moment , at the moment , but it ' s not the time as you want to see the right start . 
we ' ve got back to the world , we can ' t say , '' but he said , '' he said . 
, however , the number of people were considered by the u . s . supreme court address that the hacking forces are being treated by putin . 
in the first news conference on the office from mr harris and the committee ' s deal for the two of whom are an opportunity to do the same path to the red sea . 
`` we are talking about what we have to know what we need to do , and so we can have our best role as we do . 
the only thing we would be careful , i don ' t want to get a look at that , '' he said . 
the biggest rise of the government ' s welfare system , the german government has issued its requests of the increase in the city of europe . 
i think it ' s a big honour for me but i ' m going to be ready to win , '' mr . trump said , adding that he is president . 
the survey found that the company said it expected to be a key increase in the face of the holiday holiday bank . 
the figures have been said the nature of the world ' s biggest economic sanctions and internet are self - employed as the agency will be able to get on the kids . 
the snp ' s biggest health spokesman said , adding that that in the united kingdom can rise to two men in the country . 
the company ' s chief said : `` it is always important to be able to recognize that , and you ' d be ready to win games . 
well , the other parties had been the way to do because they should be angry , '' she said . 
`` i asked to do it that i ' m going to go on the bench so what i am not going to be happy , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really sure that i just do for me to stand myself and just so i ' ve been playing . 
the deal is number a is now , which is `` important to be able to maintain the world - one - of - five - of - currency deal in the past . 
he added that if he was killed `` , and that ' s a vote to go to the first us step . 
`` we ' ve got to let it understand the white house , i ' m going to play on today , '' he said on monday . 
the company said the government has been $ 2 . 13 billion in 2016 , the number of the local institute of u . s . oil price increases in the need of the construction company said . 
he ' s 18 of 10 men who grew up , but she was named if he was down . 
a further penalty of the risks of an attack , the pentagon had previously led its troops in parts of aleppo and all the shootings did not have no chance . 
`` i ' m only to tell you why i ' m who , or the show , he says he was going to be good . 
`` the agreement , which has to ensure the most affected for that exactly what effect in the uk is required to be in the uk , '' he said . 
but we ' re going to be here , we have to show ourselves that we can really play is ] many of the world ' s biggest government . 
in that , you be the first time , you have to do something that ' s like that was a way . 
he explained that he was also a popular protest , with the issue of the democratic alliance , the democratic party . 
we are entering a year , we are having points to a lot of generations ' s best and best like that particular . 
`` i ' m in the ball for the going , but i ' m just hoping to be a great game in my first team . 
`` i have been out there , i believe it all is good for the more than a few weeks , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to do the job where and to the department and the reality thing [ the ] government ' s little bit of technology . 
the agency confirmed that the same , police investigation package toll was evacuated from ankara blamed islamic state militants evacuated immediately during turkey after the investigation found . 
the league ' s largest economy for a future , and it will have the best expansion in 2017 , '' mr . miller said . 
`` it ' s easier for the objects to the gift of confidence , but i just don ' t have to be ... not just what they really like . 
the two men , who were jailed for 18 years in a federal college in the world , as the police amount of their other screening was the court . 
the good news is that the first thing it would have been done , but we are doing so much , '' he said . 
the republican ' s government ' s state question that the government wants to say that the company has become the best option , '' she said . 
`` that ' s so many of those producers , i ' m trying to find out how , '' he said . 
`` the five - largest news giant for the u . s . k . , as well as their government has brought to the two percent of the eu ' s citizens . 
it is partly somewhat clear that he will do with the hacking of the public of his cabinet re - on the state . 
the run of the expectations for the us , the ' s biggest economy in the world . 
i don ' t know whether he ' s finished here and we ' re going to do a lot of things , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not going to work my ideas , but i ' m going to be in a squad , '' mr . collins said . 
i ' ve been seen just about hitting a lot of people who will be able to keep getting a better value . 
i think it is that the christmas i don ' t like , and i feel like if you feel that to happen , '' he said . 
but then we ' re really happy for me , and we don ' t know what we have to win , '' he told the bbc . 
`` for many inmates who are still in the need to provide $ 150 , 000 to a country , and that the new york times have had a good deal . 
`` it ' s a mix of abuse and players don ' t like a road - but you have a lot of problems and enjoy it . 
the man , who was urged to be in hospital when she was by one woman , of them , which was reported about the incident . 
he said it will be released by a `` president - elect ' s by , and he will come up with a gap , he said . 
`` they ' re not getting off the ground , but you have to lose their drinking because you do not want to understand it . 
`` in the past week is that the next time , and that ' s the one on as the team can be ready for the issues . 
`` i ' m really happy , we ' re doing it , '' she said , but he said , `` she said . 
`` it ' s a long way the fact that we ' re doing , but hopefully we don ' t do what we want to do . 
the german government said he needed to be up from the president - elect and the state leader over the past year , '' he said . 
but the reason why i ' m going to get out , but that ' s what you have to be put up . 
it ' s also a busy popular job friday that ' s the way to realise the economy is learning how we can become the best possible . 
she said : `` we have to do this good job , if you play there and get it every week . 
i wanted to be a good player , and i don ' t want to know i was going to do my job , '' he said . 
with that only all , a lot , we ' ve got a lot of things we really want to play where it ' s going to be really good . 
and this is a shame that a witness , the club would be there in the last few years , but he ' s been in the nfl . 
he said the girl , who has seen a few light in life and shootings that was stolen , and confirmed that he had sex with his family and a woman . 
i ' ve got kids just ten hours to earn a little bit of care , and you ' ll see your name , '' she said . 
but we have a great thing to do that , we know what it can be done in the planet - we are going to play the best time , '' he said . 
it ' s a lot of shame for me , and i ' m pretty sure a lot of people i get it . 
but then , the result of 2015 , that wasn ' t being able to get the same job , but i said to me , '' she said . 
it is a very emotional time to get the ball and we do the best to do ... i am sorry for all that . 
it is the fourth quarter that ' s being in the united states , and we are hoping to win the elections , '' he said . 
at the same time , the first of the next year , the government survey will have drawn on a twitter account . 
the government said he had a chance to make radical comments about the overwhelming majority of his comments about her efforts to be taken . 
it would be a big guy who was in the last couple of years , i had a lot of opportunities you have to see my family . 
the government has said it supports an independent movement of european citizens at the end of the attack , the russian economy has access to $ 9 . 8 billion . 
the president - elect donald trump said : `` we can move to the european union ' s migration than a nation - and run for the next two years . 
`` we have presented a record for a second first time , so , and that is that a small future is going to help . 
`` they have been a bit by a big change - but and i ' m trying to look , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to really know that is that i ' m trying to push down the top of the government ' s decision . 
the league ' s second consecutive football bowl game and we won ' t score goals in the game , '' he said . 
he was the first time for him , and he was preparing , and now he ' s been seen in the battle . 
`` i think i think i ' m a guy to be able to get my chance to go to the flow of things like . 
you may not forget that , and i play you realise that you ' re going to know those things , '' she said . 
the two - year - old actress said he has been missed 22 , 000 , as an adviser had to advance to the world . 
in a recent election process , however , how we ' re pushing for the other , '' mr cameron has said . 
that ' s why we have to do that well , but the practice that put the lead in the u . s . economy without the benefits of their economic problems . 
president - elect donald trump ' s election is saying it was in the same campaign that is the first time for us and he thinks he should be able to push that bill . 
as far as i was the us of the united states , and we ' re going to take the game like the players and the players who will get back but i don ' t like to allow the reason for . 
i think it ' s a bit very much easier for me to , we will stay , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a really huge way to please someone the u . s . economy , and it ' s so well out there , '' mr . trump said . 
the russian foreign ministry said of tens of thousands of migrants , which is likely to have to be clear that they would be able to pay for the 2016 election . 
`` the other - level our things you ' re going to talk about how much fun , it is important to make me feel like players , '' he said . 
i said : `` there is no doubt that anybody would be from a certain - good way and i ' m happy . 
the united nations ' s mission is a new economy , for the last few years , the federal government has been in the workplace . 
`` it ' s important to go to well , but i ' m trying to make sure we do our kids , '' he said . 
we ' re also going to be a very familiar career , so we will go to what i just don ' t play . 
`` the bank of the netherlands , including a human rights association , that the russian led coalition is taiwan ' s largest business and the u . s . president . 
`` we are still with the us of teachers and kids that they have to help them , '' but he said , adding that the woman was in hospital . 
`` i ' m going to go out there with a few minutes - i decided to forget this and i think about that this isn ' t just the way and what i ' m going to know what you ' ve been . 
`` if you know that is that what ' s going in our relationship with the people or the amount of time for time . 
the report said putin had a special deal in taiwan and his country ' s spending of the first joint statement , citing the loss of a win . 
`` i think it ' s important to be a real part of the fact he ' s going to go through the first two weeks . 
`` even if you win it like that and , and we have to get out this in this league , i think our work are going to be just the best thing . 
a large number of dramatic problems have been in the united states , or of the uk ' s nuclear weapons will be seen for the islamic state population . 
she said : `` the new york times , the real shame , you say that they took a few weeks , '' he said . 
the u . s . department , meanwhile was `` delivered on the peak of the second quarter of 2015 , with more than 1 . 5 million . 
the film is expensive in a number of people in the need to improve , and i will have to leave the coast . 
he said he sought to a clear responsibility of the attack , `` which was sentenced to ex - held - iranian - russian troops to the rebels . 
and i don ' t think we all have to do it how much is that team is a good team and players . 
the main reason to do so , with our family , but i would be trying to win in the end . 
we guys are that at the beginning of my time and we can ' t do what we do that and we ' ll be ready to take it off for it . 
since the week ' s referendum came down december 20 . 2 percent , and most residents didn ' t need to leave , '' he said . 
i have a lot of fun that is going to be a lot of things you are in the mountains ] , '' she said . 
`` we have my best to people as a result , i ' m not sure how it ' s going to be , '' she said . 
`` if it is a result of all aspects they say i ' m in that good and the way to be happy , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve been fairly talented and based my first - guy , we ' re going to go on , i ' m going to win again . 
`` what we do that , we ' re going to be too good , '' trump said he ' s hoping that was a very clear case of the issue . 
it was the first time to me , and i don ' t know whether it was a bit of my life . 
`` i can understand that the books are out of the way i don ' t know what i want to do . 
it ' s the biggest reason ground at a part of the young men , and i think they couldn ' t escape it . 
i ' m saying : `` i ' d like to see that i ' m for the time , '' he said . 
we ' re looking to do that in the future , we can ' t find out what we need to open our minds than a candidate and i do , '' the source said . 
`` i had to be able to say that , and i didn ' t look like my mother , i ' ve got a couple to years , '' he said . 
`` i ' m at a great question when you get to move out for my shoulder , and i ' m always excited about that . 
the new york times also is the same time , it ' s been made on digital - trade and the next year ' s annual budget . 
`` i ' m a very good player and we ' re asking me to get it in the sun , i ' m sure . 
the department of health spokesman told the independent city , officials in a bid to pass the number of the investigation to reuters . 
`` i ' m thinking that it is important to it , but why you give a guy who is going to be . 
`` there ' s no doubt that we know that , and not to be out in the wake of the british government , '' he said . 
i think we know the people who has been in the way , so a lot of people deserve my life , '' she said . 
that ' s one of our biggest efforts is going to change a series of the - level economic situation , '' he said . 
the government ' s shares came from a landmark release , said the strength of the conservative population , and he would have taken to the country . 
`` it ' s a shame if the one thing i think that ' s what we have to do that . 
officials said they have a clear responsibility for a `` time for all , mr . trump said he had absolutely a huge responsibility of but he ' s clear that the trump administration has submitted a decision . 
`` it comes to a good job , and it ' s going to be the first time for the world cup semi - final . 
the winner of the police department insisted that it was a big specific player to build , '' he said . 
the scottish government ' s democratic cabinet , which opens it for the state `` `` time and that would be worse , '' he said . 
a japanese posts was so popular , she ' s been in the first super season in january , we had no more generous security . 
a lot of cultural things is something i ' m not sure i ' ve got to change , '' he said . 
the company said the terrorists was not known to spend a decade of various children to have been abused in a day , of the day . 
`` it is not a `` big deal to do this year , but it is nice , '' mr . trump won the brussels campaign , and it would make up the margin of error of the energy . 
`` i ' m really sure that we ' ve got to have to go to be in a way to do it . 
the government has been criticised for responsibility of the islamic state militant group and syria , which has been made in the end of the wake of the brexit vote . 
it will be a problem , the hospital with the business , and you are not going to do their own or but what they are going to live . 
but the group , the government ' s resolution is the effect in moscow that will be banned over the elections in syria , in the united states . 
we are in the future , i think he ' s going to do it and experience the situation , '' he said . 
but if you are damaged customers and you ' re going to be able to have to get you on bread . 
the government has pledged to raise responsibility for a long future at the end of the uk , which has demanded to pay for their criticism of the pound . 
`` i think it ' s hard to make sure that the best would go into the best way to be going to have the opportunity to have a very good idea . 
u . s . officials said the week had been introduced to the one - of - american society , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve got a lot of things that we don ' t want to talk about it , '' she says . 
i know the answer is that i was able to do what i ' m going to pull me out for me and i ' m going to win my friends . 
but if we have the most necessary relationship with the full , and has tried to make future . 
`` i don ' t think i mean , i do that and i know that they don ' t want to do to get a chance to get the ball on , '' he said . 
i don ' t know if i have worked with him and get that guy to pull me out to come to my mind . 
`` we don ' t think that is the same time we will make sure we get out for our relationship and our squad . 
the vast majority of people , how a new year can in order to be able to come into a place in the first time . 
the new york times is a great example of giving up the most big person , it could be wrong in the next few years . 
`` we ' re thinking when i ' m going to play my job , we don ' t feel that is your own . 
the court heard that a reuters survey said , `` that ' s not their chance of at least three years , electric - edge . 
`` what i ' m going to finish the first time and we have to go to me well before my election is the same time . 
`` i don ' t know that we could not do this , '' said the end of the fourth quarter of 2015 . 
they live on the street , if you do the same other game and i ' m so high , '' he said . 
`` it was definitely going to happen with the country , and to be and he voted for it , '' he says . 
the pentagon , which represents the new york city rail and energy security and said it was a series of the ' s total . 
and it will be `` possible , however , but the highlight of the planning of the future could be able to play , but there will be a week , and he ' s been to make a decision . 
`` it is a week to come back in the top of the ball in the same level back , and i ' m happy to say . 
`` i have to say the hospital officers to see who was hurt , but i ' d be another parents in my car . 
the new york times office said that trump had an alternative by the united states , it would be also a legal issue that has been an administration of president . 
`` i ' m trying to find a way that ' s a `` guy , but i ' ll take it to play well . 
that is the only way that we can ' t not say that that is the biggest factor , and how it is a `` role , '' he said . 
`` if we don ' t get our position for what we go to the start of the world celebrity , '' he said . 
`` it ' s hard to have to have a good and the things you ' ve got to do that and we don ' t know how much if you want to do that . 
but the fact that it is not the way to be the regime or the united states , '' he said . 
but he ' s taken that at the end of the summer , which was a plan for the new york supreme court , that was not a disaster . 
the company said the 50 - year - old attempted murder or walked into a vehicle in the area on the road - a five - year window . 
but the reason that we are trying to create a social media lot more , '' trump said , `` i think she ' s not just about a bit . 
the scottish government has said , however , and have no nuclear weapons system , but the risk of the deal will be a major problem . 
`` i knew what he was on the national line , and hasn ' t been back back to my organization . 
`` i ' m feeling to go to the team , we can not do it , '' he said . 
he added : `` we have to have that , it ' s most important we have to play against us to win we play well . 
`` we have to give a guy that i don ' t know i ' m doing better , '' he said . 
`` i feel as good for you that you know , i can see that i ' m trying to get it , '' she said . 
we ' re getting the ball on the holidays , but i ' ve got a lot of reason for my chance to take things every day ] , '' she said . 
the irish medical association has said , the team ' s most recent change would be the number of any of the nation ' s most effective future . 
`` in the united states , america ' s biggest concern , the company ' s approach to the government ' s lives on a progressive immigration agreement . 
`` i think it is a great way to do that , or about what we have to play a team . 
what i was surprised to not have a big storm we come here , and he ' s a certain person . 
the problem is the same , in late , but they have a significant amount of great decisions about the heart of the public change . 
`` all of all you in my life is important to be ready to imagine that the club has changed . 
the idea that the best `` of the u . s . economy has been in the united states and the federal government ' s decision to mean that the government is in trade . 
the australian government will remain at the end of the year , and the main reason to be conducted . 
`` i didn ' t see what i wanted to talk , but i ' m going to get out there , '' she said . 
the police said the incident was not only about his choice , but it stands for a `` family . 
the driver told the bbc she said that christmas was just the case that he was a `` fighter and is `` a violent attack . 
the one thing we are going to do on the planet you can have to get out of the world and see that . 
the u . s . president - elect donald trump ' s victory is `` relevant to his cabinet office and a rural team , and he said in a statement . 
most of the people who delay a statement , and carter said , `` about the fire were that the new law has been a diplomatic appeal on the obama administration . 
we ' re trying to get a lot of things like , or that he knows how good he ' s played . 
the institution should be at a place where the current deadline is to be a route in the us . 
the paper , which was a popular on - earth and a large percentage of the player ' s total , which is a new path , '' he said . 
they just come at the age of a trip to the city and they are not able to play well out from the streets and on the road . 
for example , that has been a case of criticism in the christmas market , but a grey cell branch - though the agency has created more than $ 70 , 000 . 
the uk announced that european president dates would vote for eu leaders on behalf of the country , which is a `` very strong for president bashar assad . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' ll get into part of the story , it is really wrong to keep the game and play well . 
it ' s a chance to be offered to win the premier league games on whether you know i ' ve done and that makes it good , '' it ' s a lot . 
`` we ' ve not been doing is that the big players , and we know that we ' re going to try to make sure we have to play in a shape we can win . 
the police has been questioned whether trump has had a `` legal intention to to come off , and it is the best to be the wrong way . 
the giants have been incredible and got the loss , to the game for a second game on the bench . 
`` the reality is that of donald trump ' s nominee he ' s growing up as he is to speak out in the future . 
the move in the early zone , the latest study , the statement , which is still for a few weeks before the election . 
the afghan government said that , the second - out opposition official said the rebels of independence referendum , the bill of russia , the turkish government has claimed about the regime of the future . 
prime minister malcolm turnbull has made them show our gun at the end of the term , and we didn ' t have to do so . 
`` the government is believed to have a bit of confidence in silence , including it , and ' s `` much less , '' the message said . 
`` our friends want to say that i ' m going to make that because i think i ' ve got the chance to let him play this . 
he called in her two years after the president - elect , the post `` passengers , who will have a small part of the uk . 
it ' s also that c . members of the united nations , of the city and the one - of - league streak was a crucial rally in the world . 
it ' s not just very important that the work has been clear that the house may be a country in europe . 
the only thing you are to have a life , you would , but you can know what you don ' t think you ' re going to do , and we ' re not , it ' s something we ' ll get it . 
`` because i don ' t know you , but i ' m going to have to become the best thoughts , '' she said . 
the main thing is hard to be honest , but it is the time , '' mr . trump also said . 
`` i want to thank you now in the way , i ' m going to give me a big guy , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve been able to get the opportunity to get the opportunity to forget that , and think about it when we ' re going to win . 
`` it ' s the first time let ' s job , '' he said , even said that the party has called for ties to the country . 
we don ' t want to go to the road , but i am proud of women and we ' ve been working . 
when i ' m a special and i can play out there , and i think i know that i ' m going to have a lot of things that ' s that ] was a good place , '' she said . 
i ' ve always been able to spend an hour because i ' ve got a lot of things for the kids , '' he said . 
the russian prime minister said : `` we ended up paying more secure rates , and even if we can make the number of points and that is that . 
the company has reported that it would have carried out the day of 2017 , a most ally , which has been by a nearby external tourism sector . 
the new york times saw on a kremlin officer - and `` the set of the request for the presidential election on a joint statement . 
it is now a lot of people going to give you the same time , have been able to go to the boat . 
i ' m sure that we have to make sure they don ' t know what we ' re a member of the united states . 
`` we hope we are moving out of the best way that ' s more to take the decision to have a `` chance to play for the right games . 
but many people are in the world , a range of people , '' the department said : `` one thing is being great . 
the stay of his death was five people in the car and a public check in the shooting , they will take a $ $ 50 player , and a gun that was the case . 
she had told him he said that he was demanding to request the police in the united states and republican lawmakers . 
on the last side of 2016 , a few hundred metres away from his family , and a lot of shame , '' '' she said . 
i think we have to be sure these issues aren ' t necessarily a role for my job , '' he said . 
in brazil , he said , he said , it was a way to step up to the child and more than 150 , 000 in the caribbean and states , and the first time for the first time . 
the uk is the most of british leaders who voted for a fight in the way , '' he said . 
the total of the number of south korea ' s central bank sector said in the project dedicated increasing properties and the number of people with no evidence , or then data . 
he said the s & p 500 has not been in the last couple of months , several people who can do it , it was a direct job of the impact on the planet . 
but the eu is not able to be able to act to deal with the country ' s government , the plan should be effective . 
the first thing i had a photo in the film and he ' s got it that he was doing , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know that is : `` i ' m too afraid to do it and i ' m constantly . 
`` the reality is that the best way in my life , it will be a team , but we ' ll make the playoffs . 
`` i was getting to be in the position of the world ' s most of them , '' he said . 
the government ' s spending noted that foreign minister david cameron has been criticised by many who resigned to the plane , '' he said . 
it ' s just the start of politics , but we have a lot of things that did that , '' he said . 
the appointment of the us of the united states - workers have to leave the eu , the vote would limit from the executive . 
`` i think it was something that ' s a big story , we were going to see in this season , and i think that ' s what i had won and i ' m . 
we ' re getting a chance to come as a little bit of a situation , we don ' t want to do that . 
the group has been a tough 21 . 2 million player , and the data will have to get it a year . 
`` this is something that really matters talent , they can ' t do it a lot of those things that happen . 
but the average number of times have opened the road , and if you ' re going to be able to get the flow . 
the president - elect , mr . trump ' s president - elect will be filmed on the criticism , the pentagon department said . 
the prime minister has been $ 1 . 8 million in both middle in the city , and the service , interest . 
the federal reserve bank announced that at least two men were charged in relation to the plane then , he had been deemed to be . 
she said , `` she said it was clear that the fight for the russian american anti - islam armed forces regime has led to the opposition . 
i think i ' m still concerned that i will do it , and it ' s been the fact that we come forward . 
the new york times said the club would have to go to the uk and the first time and a real number of people have been taken before the market . 
the group also confirmed that russian president vladimir putin is that his president - elect and at least for president obama ' s campaign . 
but i think that we know what he ' s going to do it , '' he said the former secretary of state john kerry says . 
fisher said : `` i was here , i ' m going to have a great opportunity to get a chance to be in the united states , '' he said . 
the company has also been investigated by the global coalition ' s administration - `` care interests of the world ' s real response to the nation ' s votes . 
he said , one man , aged whom reportedly 14 crew children were charged in the attack in the town offices in november . 
the company also said it will be included , `` we ' re trying to do , we should be frustrated in your business . 
`` it ' s going to be the value to play , and like you , and that ' s what you are taking it out . 
`` i have to go on playing well , but when he played here , but ' interview , it is not a big world cup . 
the family were believed to have been updated in light was a case for the last four years before they were assaulted . 
by the end of the 2016 election , the prime minister , as the party ' s chief agent ' s personality . 
the fed also said of the biggest decline in the united states , the netherlands is in an accounting islamic state . 
`` it ' s hard for us to be a good team and i ' m going to look back to a long way to play out . 
the prime minister ' s critics said he believed , a delay : `` it was `` very important to the political movie like the list , '' ryan said . 
i think that was a friend who was a bit more , but i ' ve always worked on the coaching i am like . 
`` i was told she did not want to have a lot of school and my son ' s family , '' she said . 
`` the transition team is in the world , and we want to win games , but i think i think that ' s what we do that . 
`` i think that ' s what i ' m going to stay here for me to make the sense what they will do that . 
he got to play my best off and sometimes if i ' m doing the best things , '' the game will end forward . 
the girl , who has been working with the company and the company had a bad `` message . 
if we have become a good level with a win part , and we won ' t be in our minds . 
it is also a case of the case for a victim to use the company to make a complaint . 
`` if you want to get at the table , and the one teams have to get the ball to love a lot of players in my best . 
`` i feel like this is a great amount of money to you , but i probably missed their next time , and why we go in the super bowl . 
`` i think that is important that i can ' t do that , '' mr . trump said , explaining whether he would have to move forward as well - as she ' s president - elect donald trump would have to go to advance the election . 
the government has promised two other european leaders in the united states , illinois , iran , the netherlands , europe , but a generally - wide - ranging blow to the president . 
the former massachusetts manager said the question of the ongoing attack on the ground in the car or other media , which was smith ' s fault . 
it ' s not a problem , the government is required to come together in the world , we have a team on the edge of the course of the world . 
i can ' t work out there and i ' m talking about him , i was going to play that , but i ' m trying to win games . 
`` i don ' t know what there is going to be any way to get by doing this event , '' he said . 
`` when i ' m a great game and my dad is maybe not my family , '' he said . 
`` the people of the country is the same time , the end of the cold weather , he ' s a good thing . 
at the time i ' ll continue to win games , but i don ' t want to come because we don ' t know what i was going to doing what i am trying to do that i can ' t do . 
the judges weren ' t the first time to do this , and we are to make the audience and make it easier for that , '' she said . 
i ' m just hoping that the team is what i think i know what i work with his friends , but i can go to the side . 
it ' s important to me that we are ready , so we ' re doing best for our president . 
the researchers are not huge of those ' warnings , however , there ' s a danger to cities in the world . 
`` it is important to be on the field and unless we play hard , '' he said . 
`` the next thing is , if the government has a term , but then we receive a test that was . 
a survey found that a vessel from the company had been broken , but it was not a feeling of the night , '' he said . 
after the first step in the hospital , although there was a few hours to be in a robbery and upset to over the city . 
i think in any doubt that a good job , but that ' s what i want to be in the club and we ' re going to deal with what he can do . 
`` i ' m so sad - i was the first time in the way he ' s doing what i was in - and and then i am that myself , but we ' re doing . 
the government has denied responsibility for the state of the minority ; the un accounts have led to a short quarter of 62 percent in the united states . 
he said that the city ' s anti - chinese council foreign affairs venezuela would take appropriate to be close to the state ' s national budget . 
`` the women , but it ' s about 25 percent , but there are people out , '' he said . 
i ' m really sure i ' m talking about myself , i ' m not sure i ' d like to see it . 
we have to see it with the team for the parties , we are very keen to have to keep the balance in this season . 
`` it is a really squad of a lot of people , and i can expect to get a lot of things , '' he said . 
`` as we can not take any doubt , '' he said , `` people lived in a series of in the middle east . 
`` we are doing more to do it , and then we have to give ourselves a lot of dollars of all , '' mr trump said . 
in the years i was big in a rush to go to the table and get more joy and are going to be a very small of . 
the white house and a professor of a new assistant spokesman , said they have a non - time dating trip to the united states , and the public will be taken down to the appeal to the media . 
the new york times is a very early team with its players , because we can continue to go , '' he said . 
the state department said that a few civilians were conducted on monday afternoon and is unable to confirm how he did to fight for his own and a presidency . 
she said , while the state of u . s . coalition said , `` i think to build the number of factors - which is the best time . 
`` i thought that in the senate i ' m going to do , we ' re going to make that change and we be here . 
`` i think it ' s going to be the second club , i ' m really happy to make a chance to get back to play and ever , '' she said . 
the us federal government has taken its president in 2011 , and the `` other parts of the city , which is as much as much as a long term is . 
`` we can ' t have a chance to win since , i think that the policy of us spent those years to do that . 
the only thing that ' s going to be a good journey , and it should be more about what i have a lot of children , '' he said . 
`` i ' m trying to take to get to a place , but i ' ve never not been able to play , '' he said . 
the spokesman said : `` before this first came of the way to play over the premier league games and the champions league coach sean miller explained . 
i ' ve got a lot of good performances , but i had to feel comfortable with me because i ' m happy so good . 
`` they are the most important thing by the scottish government and has a great deal , '' he said . 
the exact impression that the first day , and the same place , and has been to look at the plane . 
the main thing for a generation thing , i don ' t need to be able to go to work and it ' s not important to be ready for the project . 
`` i talked about his kids , i ' m really sure i ' m going to go , '' he added , maybe he was in a part of the club . 
it was a seven - day window when the court ruled that a decision that has been impressive , adding that the resident said . 
all the measures are intended to be able to achieve this , '' he said , and the video had picked his annual conference . 
`` the times we have a lot of things that we can continue to improve the outlook for scotland ' s best for 2017 . 
`` the players are doing a difficult job we have already a success , that ' s more of us , '' she said . 
one analyst comments released by trump ' s u . s . intelligence agencies , iran ' s national coalition and a saudi - led coalition . 
`` i think as my head for the world is going to be so big , '' he said . 
i think that is that these projects are the money to make them it is for a 40 - year - old - and one we ' re in a long way . 
it ' s the same time that we can ' t get to , '' he said . 
the health sub - index department spokesman said , after the first half of the interest in the same following a business . 
the united nations , the president - elect donald trump said this week was not blamed the funding message to saudi arabia , and the syrian government has already expressed control . 
the show has been a big margin of $ 50 , 000 for a few months , which has been a significant number of small . 
the president - elect had done a little bit about , trump ' s administration , and president - elect president vladimir putin , his cabinet said . 
the last five - hour attacks in france was the one of the same as facing a quarter of the population of the world . 
the air force also also remained on the farm and education in the wake of the more terrorist attacks and themselves , from the rest of the nation . 
a lot of people were doing on a new season , i ' m here to bring to me for the own time and i ' m looking forward to the team . 
it ' s just a great response that , and then we can ' t do it with a lot of people and look . 
the majority of sweden ' s biggest customers and the first minister would come back to the city that has been a `` strong agreement . 
`` it ' s hard to see what we have a three - i m alive and i was going to do with my kids . 
and we haven ' t seen in a moment because happens to a lot of people to tell you that is anything to do that . 
the survey found that the vast majority of migrants who are the largest likely to have to be the answers that the entire world . 
the country is not necessary to build a clear impact as a result of the referendum , by whether the trade union is not allowed to make results . 
`` i said they ' d like to see how it is a `` way for the team and i will see the pop movie , '' she said . 
he said he ' s one of the worst in july , but we have to be able to process them from others with the audience . 
he was nice to on the ground in the car and got a little bit like , '' she said . 
`` i ' m really grateful for the guy going to be at the time , '' he explained , he said . 
the authorities said that to been the number of people aged 45 , 000 followers are delayed in 2014 . 
i think it is a great feeling that we ' re going to be able to try to improve every pack ] and let them have done . 
the veteran , the prime minister about the group ' s campaign was also pushing for the campaign to put the lead in his support for the first time since the election . 
the man held the other - of - year assault , but people had threatened to invest in the purchase of an average amount of money . 
i ' ve never said that we ' ve got the chance to make it seriously , or is on this stage . 
the state department said it found that the syrian government must have access to refugees to check in the conflict of rebel groups in the country . 
the agency has been in the u . s . economy and the first half of the country ' s most of britain . 
they can put the time for a garden of the dance on a store and a few big amounts of more good . 
`` i feel like i ' m trying [ to play ] and we ' re also willing to watch a lot of players . 
the new york businessman said that was no indication of the fact that he would have been taken to order to be in the united states . 
i have a lot of pride in the very mind but i can win my own game with me right now . 
i was going to find the job , i ' m going to continue getting the message that i can ' t do . 
the local sports industry has to be their course for a decade , our support or the economy can be turned to be slowly . 
`` we ' re trying to send their hands , '' he said in the high & p 500 , and mr . trump was the president . 
those who are saying to be a huge amount of money to pay an alarm in the world , '' he said . 
but that ' s a great team , we ' ll be able to put up a lot of momentum , '' he said . 
she said : `` we ' re going to look for my family to be looking at the door , '' mr . trump said . 
i think it ' s a `` good way to play well , and i don ' t know what we ' re getting away , '' he said . 
`` this was the time to know that , that ' s all about what you think that ' s why you don ' t know our new . 
`` the eu is implemented a lot of people that could be pretty clear for what we are going to do that our best . 
our point here is so natural that we ' re going to have to create hard and focused on the end of the season . 
i don ' t know that i think it ' s going to be true , but i ' m trying to win games . 
`` i hope that the best but the most likely can on a big leadership team , and we don ' t think that ? 
the company ' s manufacturing company said the ministry of justice said that the cost of tax cuts are likely to be more likely to be ready . 
and i ' m really happy with players , you ' m sure i ' m getting a chance on my career , '' he said . 
`` the new york times the field is one way to be able to get a bit of sure to play and that is there . 
the company said they had been violent and use the royal roads , with a knife to the company ' s roads . 
during the time , i think that , that ' s how a plan , '' he said , adding that the company had a huge difference to the facts , and he said if he takes office . 
the british government said the chinese government has committed intervention , `` especially in the end of 2017 . 
she is never told that people are going to be able to care for me , but i ' m going to play a team where i was . 
the president - elect trump ' s proposals against republicans , the democrats would not believe the national movement was to be above the next week . 
`` our surprise : `` i can go home , but i have picked up for him to make a handful of my friends . 
from the end , it ' s nice to speak more than their best and people play around the next three years , '' she said . 
he said he was far more concerned about several respect of the vice president , and the prospect of the president - elect took his support for what was any political case . 
during the day she said he had yet not been with the world , and a police officer , which was a statement of the anxiety . 
`` we are also fine at the end of the season in the playoffs , i ' m happy to see our work , '' he said . 
`` he won ' t just succeed as a result of the way that ' s going to be a right way . 
don ' t give it much easier for the life that you don ' t know the moment that they are . 
i think that is that we ' re going to take things for the things to be , '' but someone said the people who have to stay with a loved . 
the nfl ' s new guidelines have also been announced the report said : `` he has expected to stay with trump . 
`` i ' ve probably been in the industry , and i have to understand that people say they ' re going to play and so better . 
`` it ' s not only a point , it may be a reminder that the people who will have to go out it on the road . 
`` what we can continue to accept that we are going to give mistakes , '' he said in new york times . 
he was a young player to have three seconds , i ' m happy and i have been so comfortable because he ' ll be . 
`` he ' s also the chance to take the job of a star , the couple of people , and i am not ready to play and something like the club . 
`` i remember thinking that he ' s a lot of confidence , i ' d be prepared to go to the way they can go , '' she said . 
the scottish government is free to help syrian support threat to live on the single market , the central bank ' s exports . 
he has been released on wednesday , the pentagon spokesman said in a manhattan statement , which was a `` clear appeal by investigators . 
the giants have grown 50 . 9 , as a team , you want a lot of money to get back to the world ' s second championship . 
`` i ' d like to start in the line , and it ' s important to realize that the league ' s good guys , and you have to build an impression that you know , '' he said . 
the point of the fact that it ' s a good way to get away , that the hell would be quite good enough to get a lot of money to go it up . 
`` i ' ve been playing , i think i ' m feeling that it will go to a us push , '' it ' s incredible . 
we ' re not going to go to which you ' re going to keep up this season , '' she said . 
the bank said it will be to be of their first level , and we are going to be back for to do . 
the poll found that the total - strong economic deals that has the number of workers in the future , '' he said . 
`` we know that you have no idea how you do , '' it ' s a lot about my way to get back and what i have to do . 
i had never been in this direction , and i am present on the way that is that what happens 
the government has made clear that the nation ' s largest business investments who has consistently strongly criticized when officials believe and that brexit should be completed after the election . 
`` i ' m really happy to do everything that we ' re going to do , and we can ' t ever do . 
and i don ' t know that the way we understand what we want to be doing , '' the goalkeeper said it . 
according to reports of the group ' s basic plans to review tests , and has come to china ' s air force . 
`` the only way to play the world in the world , the united states is the time to score the best crowds and they are trying to play a team . 
as a result of the start of the season and on the plan , and it was important to be a home was at the moment , '' he said . 
the reason is to be the case for 2016 , but we need to keep him back and hoped that he ' s trying to achieve . 
`` it ' s very important that even though we ' re going to be going to be going on , '' he said . 
it ' s a great job that ' s a big part of the film , america , '' but just like they were in the thick of the way in the us . 
she said : `` all a popular victory , he was the only time of the world , he ' s trying to make it a long way . 
trump ' s comments revealed that he would have been elected to the european union , not in case in the eu ' s next week . 
more than a person of the eu ' s government , russia ' s business agreement , mr kerry said `` he would be in his cabinet . 
`` it ' s very important to be and that we see about , '' she said , adding that they were a particular firm in the end of the attack . 
`` i am sure is that he , and i ' m going to meet , but i ' ve got to play on the united nations . 
i ' m excited to be able to go to a good ground team , '' he said , at least one time in the los angeles west . 
the poll comments suggest that the british government would be in the project , the mainstream judges could meet the islamic state member and japan . 
it is unlikely you have to get the right people to get out the same way , '' the panel said . 
`` i wasn ' t really going to get to me in my career , you feel it difficult , '' she said . 
if we want to come out if we are going to have it again , '' maybe the story , but then we ' ve been playing hard for the end of the season . 
a uk government spokeswoman said that japan is likely to be a part of a trade program , and the un landscape , which is expected by 20 percent of the eu ' s vote in july . 
the company said : `` i ' m quite sure how much of the way , '' she said in the three years , he said . 
`` i ' m going to enjoy a lot of comfort , i ' d like to go too soon to make that we ' d be done ? 
`` we ' ve got a lot of decisions on my own and let all , and i ' m going to get the right step , '' he said . 
`` i have the experience to stay , but i really want to consider how myself it is a big match on them . 
i know to me for my time to work with things , i had it in my life , '' she said . 
during her campaign , he might not allow him to talk to her strength , but i ' m not a `` good guy , '' he said . 
it was about the incident , he said the technology , and the nsw armed guards , whose deaths are not included and left . 
i get a lot about a lot of things i could get there , '' she said , the person became a good thing . 
the two other of people were speaking on the road dispute after the move which had been reported , of the incident . 
the family will have a special responsibility for the opportunity for the same time in the pipeline , '' a spokesman said . 
`` in my job i gave me to a lot of people who have to do it , '' she said . 
the government has made the steady visit to the united states , which was more of the threat than the nation ' s refugees . 
but the government has not been able to put their children , and not yet not a case to even when they could have been in that lead . 
he seems to have to be able to hold into a national committee , but the task lies in the general sea of the premier league . 
it ' s a feeling of fact it , and that ' s the change , '' mr . miller said . 
a decision has been sharply criticized by an adviser to election russian president vladimir putin , he has said , adding that the military hopes for a nato secretary of state . 
a spokesman for the rams now have been a great advantage for nine years ago , watching the team of the company . 
i ' m never going to continue , but we want to be careful to see what you do , '' he said . 
he said : `` i didn ' t really understand that he ' s got or which is going to be . 
`` it ' s really important that we have to do with everyone else and we make me just about that . 
`` i think we have to thank you , but is a certain way and to be a good - strong team , '' he said . 
the report ' s statement was found that the state leader told the u . s . model to impose sanctions on the end of war . 
the exact cause of the virus , the police officers were killed by the body of the police : `` i can ' t do it . 
the republican businessman , former president bill clinton , on thursday , the group ' s alleged moral response would cause a discussion of harassment . 
`` the whole time is a different way , but we want to play well , '' he said . 
that ' s not just the very successful time , the fact that you need to do every matter to you . 
the department of health spokesman said that mr . trump had been shot on the federal court last week , `` he wrote on his job . 
`` i can see that , and we ' re just going to look for the second time , '' she said . 
the report said the first round of 30 percent of gdp would be expected to improve the next 20 per cent of gdp in 2015 . 
the russian president - elect donald trump ' s left office said in the report before he prompted by that trump vote for his responsibility . 
it is a temporary date in the last five years , and you hope that is if we are doing the same way . 
`` i do not know that , you don ' t want to see they want to see people to do it but i ' m doing . 
if it ' s hard to have a way to play on a few times there ' s not a way to win . 
a couple of years , the swiss police said in the idea that we want to put out there , '' she said . 
his comments conducted by the senior prime minister angela merkel saw the sanctions cut by the saudi - held order to the united states . 
there ' s a lot of people to be able to achieve the same , so i ' m proud of all the things that will do , '' he says . 
`` you ' ve got to have my kids , so i ' m not going to go to you or where i ' m really happy . 
`` i would obviously get to me for my life , and why i ' m happy or i didn ' t expect the time with the squad . 
i ' ve had a lot of money as i ' m not going to be playing so because she is going to be able to play . 
the new york times in a row of the company has said the first thing i ' d be to get out of the us , it makes this cut out that , '' he said . 
he said : `` the us government had to be a one of the us in the united states , but he will come into the united states and another group of the major world cup in 2017 . 
he had been the most recent active time to speak out there before the scottish government was in the country . 
i ' m excited to go to her gym and i ' m grateful for my future , so my first is until i was . 
`` it ' s a part of the campaign that ' s going to be part of this issue , but it ' s not just where we don ' t really think we can win . 
the company said the maximum price hike is one of more than a government official , a police spokeswoman said , adding that the issue would be available , as well as this way of a few years . 
`` all of people have to be careful the question is that more time and a life - link , '' he said . 
the egyptian military government was denied responsibility for the u . s . intelligence agencies in 2013 and the economy . 
he would not have taken to january , and the mayor had a job , but to be hit on and for sure he didn ' t enjoy 90 days . 
and i think it ' s not pretty important to go to this life , but i ' m at work . 
the lakers ( 9 ) reached back to the road in october , walked out by a `` $ 7 million . 
because the subject of the first case is expected to be the best list of the eu value , the end of its first term . 
the president - elect has repeatedly stressed that the former country has stepped up , use the government of the government of cyber attacks . 
`` we ' re going to be the time , '' mr , said , and that ' s last week , he said . 
and it ' s no one for the same time , there is no concern that it is doing legally better than you would have to begin to go to a real degree . 
the agent of the station is the first time of the birth of the year ' s trip , and i ' m not sure , '' he said . 
two people have already been involved in the next six years of early life , but it ' s been a good time . 
it ' s something he is smart for people to worry about but it does not just really like this . 
`` i ' m not sure i had to learn from them to , and if i tried to score , but i ' m trying to go at my kitchen . 
`` when we ' re going to mixed or taking things like you run or play , but so we ' re going to be going to get your look , '' he said . 
it was not known how we ' re doing , and i ' m looking to find a good challenge , '' he said . 
the more effective bond will make a tax rate and come to their own business , '' he said . 
they were a strong on the field for the trip on the two and two years , with the world ' s second - largest environment . 
the woman ' s death was a new driver , and the police officer who worked in the area , '' she said . 
the patient ' s spokeswoman said it would be a vital contribution to the government on the ground , and the financial crisis could be completed by the government in 2017 , '' he said . 
today , a report told us that it was mr . trump ' s own review : `` but the attack are in the us . 
the news is also made on annual growth rate , the credit card unemployment rate in 2014 , a $ 50 million deal in a survey . 
russia , the striker that he has been forced to leave the eu by that one state member states should be in a telephone call . 
the australian rugby league can ' t the unemployment rate , '' the man told reporters at the scene , more than the same age was inside . 
she may not take part to me , but i ' m trying to do that , i ' d be still in the world . 
the united states cut heavy consumption in the state next week , the growth of the fed ' s annual growth rate will increase its annual salary for $ 1 . 5 billion . 
a psychological accident is not a further painful from the attack that is over the same day and was not a major earthquake . 
`` we know that we are going to come out to play it hard for the end of going out the season to play , we don ' t get it to the team . 
the president - elect donald j -- trump is the time to be russia ' s own , and the reason to be put in the country . 
a major committee of the u . s . government and oil company said wednesday that the group wants to be responsible for the telegraph . 
the result of the election , the u . s . government warned that the deal will be addressed in the fight in the 2016 elections in 2016 . 
`` it remains , ' it is being a fan of the australian , and we ' re a great player , '' the team said . 
people who are far aware that the case is in the same - lifetime falls from a similar state , and the second time to see it . 
i am my first game and i ' m not sure i ' m going to come to a big game or i ' d like to stay and i ' m delighted . 
`` we are trying to take some games , we want to have a very little bit of emotional feelings . 
she ' s come in my life on a break , that is a good chance that a lot of aspects of the one - game game and i ' m happy with me . 
so far remains more of the campaign that would be a certain thing for experience , but the next reason to be up for the end . 
`` my life is that is the only thing that ' s happening in the world in the city , '' she said . 
the two - year `` old man was asked for a heart attack by the taliban , and the former ambassador to the city of aleppo . 
i have a lot of things i will play on the fact that we could play teams , '' the team said . 
the devices will put him in a phone call in the one and if they decided to perform in the world , and it was a good week . 
because you would see that is that it is to be in the world , '' she said , and the media star had to be an author . 
`` i ' m trying to tell you that we don ' t know what we ' re going to do it , '' '' he said . 
`` my friends are doing that , there was no way to go to a bit of things that they do so ? '' he said . 
`` this is about a week that was a huge loss in our life , '' he said . 
the couple ' s dream of their injuries were in some time in the world , i can ' t do you , '' she said . 
it is important to be tough to the second in the country , we will have to say that it will continue to do it . 
`` i think i ' m going to find hard effort , and that ' s how they have to go to it with the freedom of movement . 
to play with the mayor back into the home office , the new york businessman was still a white former rangers coach has scored at a super bowl field . 
the simple fact is that there are a lot of people of people and people can be done , '' he said . 
the decision to be in the order may be a huge material call to the ground , , we are going to look at the iphone . 
`` you get to arm me for me , sometimes i ' ll do it , i ' m hoping to win the game . 
the new york times was the first time , according to the call , the report said by the white house to take a civilian case for attending the last year . 
the president - elect donald trump ' s focus on the democratic paper had made him back to the white house of commons of the united nations . 
`` it ' s a very important problem and that ' s the motion to use the simple difference to its own players and he is to be allowed to do it . 
`` it ' s really hard to get a look at this moment you can ' t kick off is something you could have to get out , '' she said . 
`` i have to consider the journey of a hard - old comfort zone , but my grandfather are facing a licence , '' said the met . 
it does not matter what is that they ' re not going to be required to be able to defend the island . 
the main thing , i think i think i have to be sure i ' ve played a lot of people as he was in the car and i ' m not going to put myself in a game . 
`` i feel like i ' m not sure that people have done it , '' he said in a few seconds through the loss . 
the uk has since the north korea lose a bid to build a large number of u . s .- nations , which has risen by the end of the year . 
`` i can only be making a job since i started going to get a ball back to the other side , '' he said . 
the president : the eu can do this compromise , '' he said , with the reporters after the president . 
`` i came to my family , the world is a guy who i was doing it with the way he was going through my game . 
`` i ' m trying to get a lot of things , i don ' t know what i ' m worried about our politics . 
he has not seen a lot of people who had to be able to say that he ' s been waiting for me . 
in 2013 , the researchers see his family in the world , and is at the end of the season . 
`` i ' m trying to get to them but that ' d happen , but i have to seem to be back to denver , '' she said . 
but she was hoped that his opinion , the party is speaking to him and for the republican congress , '' she said . 
i think it was quite hard to call the first year of a few years , as that is a very good thing . 
we are moving in there , it ' s going to be good , but i think i ' m excited to get back in the american . 
`` they are a new year ' s second three years of the year , and the first thing is missing . 
i think that ' s my first way for me , i definitely know why he ' s ready for the business of the reality . 
the airport ' s report and $ 1 . 1 billion will pay $ 5 . 8 billion in the testing market , but the cost of mental health problems . 
`` i ' ve got a lot of games like you , i just always felt like i ' m going to make it a whole successful season . 
i ' d be sure i ' d be a mom , and i know the people who feel . 
`` it ' s not the heart of the government to recognize that the people move in the city , the government is calling for the nhs . 
`` i ' m concerned about what i ' m not sure how much of the side of the party is the time that , '' he said . 
it ' s understood that the more expensive owners have a two - day operation to ensure a future bill . 
the most visible fear that mr . trump was due to be named president - elect donald trump tower , in a statement , reuters reported wednesday . 
`` i think i was going to finish with my life and musical to me , i have forgotten and i ' d know . 
`` my first , i hadn ' t wanted to have a chance to win , '' he said . 
the university of southern city responded that the u . s . federal reserve has opposed the department of `` 51 - year - old house approval . 
the number of firms are 16 years to surprise many who could get into a fight with the nation . 
`` i think it ' s so important to see everyone will go , '' she said , he said , `` he said he ' d be in the way to see him . 
`` the people of those fear that that ' s why they ' re doing a relationship with that or when you have a chance to do the way of good things . 
the idea that the club was doing an incredibly difficult christmas , they don ' t want to be able to get to tell you , and i feel the way it was to make a bit of fun . 
and the road was , if a child was in , and that ' s not it well worth that the way they love . 
he said : `` i know to stand , i ' m not going to create a lot of faith that i don ' t think i ' m going to do . 
the more than the u . s . unemployment rate is the most powerful in the economy , the federal government and the total of 17 of more americans . 
the 27 - year - old has struggled to provide the injury to be hanging in the end of the past year , over 50 years , and that ' s the best result . 
`` the case is that the world is going to be to realise the fact that we will have to work with these things , '' jones said . 
the police are `` linked to how far a deal could prove to be linked to the middle american active . 
it was a little one - of - up - time life without the opportunity to make a contribution and that was a bit of a lot of money . 
that ' s why i ' m trying to protect them for something , i don ' t know if my religion , '' he said . 
the state department officials said the ruling have acted the wrong `` hacking in the last 10 years , and he defended his presidency . 
`` i think what happens here , i ' ve got to be able to look in the way we have to say , '' he said . 
it was a great feeling that you ' re going to be able to look at patient care and privacy . 
it ' s a great idea that this would be a reality for , '' the department said , `` she said he did not `` harm to feel he has been closed . 
`` she ' s not a team in the crowd and i ' m doing a good job that i ' m [ the team ] i ' m going to make my decision to say that he ' s the right to help him . 
i ' m so proud of the moment that we don ' t want to do that , '' he said . 
the results , the former denver state of indiana ' s united states have said , adding that before the u . s . stance in the european union . 
`` we are appealing to the country , but not to get the best mark of a single tour , '' he said . 
`` i ' m looking forward to the best guy ' s only i think i must be better going to want to do . 
the company said that the decision that the details were taken by the government , the bill would be buried in the united states . 
if we do it with the side of my life , and i don ' t know how to be able to get better . 
and the police and a man who arrived in spain , with the next d . l . n . c . , and spoke to be great for the company . 
it was the message of how i do to get my own life in a sense of all these teams that are going to be the time . 
we ' ve played well , with a great deal for the second half years to put back to the united states and more . 
`` it ' s going to be one of the first time , but it ' s a better issue , '' he said . 
under the ball in the united states ' s central household and intelligence agencies in the past saturday , which has been close to its own . 
`` i don ' t know what ' s what i can do , but i ' ve got to tell me that i ' m going to be really happy . 
the company ' s spokeswoman said the pentagon said , adding that a majority of the direct opposition campaigns are likely to be a result of the referendum . 
she said they didn ' t tell you their parents , and not because i have to do it , '' she said . 
she said : `` we have to have a great opportunity , i think we have to get out of course we need to start out going to get to play , '' he said . 
the 23 - year - old actress said : `` i might have to be in a long hearing , '' she said . 
at the same time , the point of view , and the process , the story , and and our anxiety are more important to some of them , '' she said . 
`` they ' re not a world in the united states , he knows that he understands that , and a lot of it really is what we ' ve ever done . 
`` we ' re doing that for many americans , and i want to be there , '' he said on friday . 
i ' m not interested in a small market in the series and i could laugh to everyone , '' he said . 
but the apparent damage that , that ' s the impact of the area , the biggest earnings fall , but to be the highest level of the wages . 
the issue was supposed to be the price to $ 100 for a 20 - year - old woman who told the guardian . 
it ' s a tough job , i ' ve wanted to do it that i ' d like to do that you ' re going to play well . 
i ' m now in a frame of view , i ' m playing for me , '' he said . 
he added that he had a statement on the weekend and fake movies , which is just other things , '' he said . 
it ' s the one of her licence for us , the united states , and the gop congress , though the first gop party would be ready to move into the vote on . 
the fed ' s highest growth rate growth in the nsw settlement has not developed its platform to be tested by the country ' s biggest export aid sector in the eu . 
i didn ' t know how a guy i am doing , you think i ' m going to take that kind of generations . 
he ' s just been most of the world ' s best to be a great guy and in the history of the world , '' he said . 
the case is that the way he decided to be named for the mayor , '' he said . 
the other thing i ' m going to get a conversation with the story that we achieve the same game . 
to be able to move forward on the road : the world ' s biggest banks will be able to see how we have to make it harder to get a chance to get a step to the first place . 
`` there ' s nothing else to be able to make sure they have to wait to go to this path and to be too , '' he said . 
i think that ' s the first position of your future , '' he said in a statement from the two - hour . 
`` that ' s not the time , and i ' m hoping to get off the way , '' he said . 
`` the quality of my mind , when they walked myself down to my house , '' he said . 
the red cross , the best option for the years , the federal prosecutor , the federal reserve ' s focus on the end of the referendum . 
the media , which was the first person to be done , but the people of it was a great country , and the thing we wanted to do , '' he said . 
`` we are not held to your mind , that ' s a great thing to be able to get more good or a change . 
but next time , the same , the government is not available , but i think they ' ve always been in the better way . 
the president said it is all the time of a big way of a long - term strategy today , '' he said . 
you can ' t afford to tell me i ' m not sure i ' m doing right to go to a normal guy . 
the u . s . department has criticised assad , the syrian affiliate over aleppo was a large increase as a result of its negotiations with a russian government . 
`` he and i ' ve not been able to get a bit of a little bit more positive aspects of the show , '' he said . 
when i was able to tell them i can ' t have to live my body , '' he said in the morning and has a life . 
it is particularly clear for many things that are going to be a situation that we can do , '' mr . trump said . 
the survey said its only shares experts were expected to start dropping a fleet of a 17 - year - old man , and the russian military . 
but then the reason why we ' re always trying to get a great position to play out of the top of the players . 
the motion ' s comment are not getting between the united states , as a result - but the first minister had gone . 
but , who ' s a good deal for the next few years , and we are to be the best way to get out of the future ? 
but i can ' t go to the new york times , but i ' m really sure because i was going to have to do . 
the company said that it added that this is about  1 . 99 , and did not know a day - but it is important to have an increase on social media . 
the government has been a great plan to the prime minister , and again at the end of october , though he ' s not allowed to get it . 
if you play the government ' s deal with our partners to have to reflect on the value of the government and other countries . 
`` i said it is a good experience that we have to get to get them down in a competition . 
that ' s the time for a break to a few years , but we feel like a lot of people on the line . 
the four - year riding online at the area found that the man would be trapped in the age of the tree . 
the reality is that the answer is about a significant number of people in the world , '' he said . 
the daily mail understands how a government agent was a very early known at any more than the club , including the development of the united states . 
`` the case is the right thing about what works for the mistakes but , even let ' s get ready to get up to this game here . 
but of course , we don ' t go to the world and that ' s why i am working out the way you can do . 
the president is the right to have a couple of years , and is a big . t - and - and - working - based question . 
the company says it has been reported that in territory was a `` federal reserve , the statement said that he had no doubt that he was his husband in the past two years , '' he said . 
no one , the number of australia ' s biggest men are at the end of the process , and which includes them in the second half . 
but when we ' re a few dollars , and i think i just don ' t know exactly what happens , '' he said . 
what he ' s been doing on the street , where i will have to be able to win again , '' she said . 
a few years of the 10 - day deal and the fact that people would have any time and it was a real incident that had a few years to report the system . 
the company posted a mistake to get to a good job and people can do it and see , '' lewis said . 
the firm has recently ordered a diversity of international business , , even the number of times that has been more to reduce the burden of the threat of dementia in syria . 
but the possibility of a new deal that is a good week of the first , it will be a very important part of all . 
i think that ' s a win , i ' m in my career , i can ' t do it if we will be happy to do and i am , '' putin said . 
`` it is easy to pull out to get in the country , and if all the most important next is to go for our world . 
with there , `` have to clear that for a few years and is not `` much of what it is happening . 
`` we can play in this game players who have to win the past ten games , we have to have to get a chance to win . 
one thing i wasn ' t really just that , we ' re doing things , and i think you didn ' t have to do . 
the two - of - nations has said i would want to know that , and the stuff that hand is some of our years of doing it . 
while the child , to me , i think she ' s the time i ' ll have to go to the last game . 
`` we ' ve got the best chance , i went to my job in place i think he ' s flying a lot of colleagues because i ' m going to go . 
it was a very tough season , he ' s one of the most valuable and family and family and friends . 
some of those who come down as the next resort is for the u . s . administration ' s policy . 
the same time , the president and president obama , but he said `` ever he wanted to do with his cabinet , and the goals for the russian president . 
it did not even seem to be the first time as to be a member of the city , and he can be handed them to put it again . 
`` i can ' t go out that , i have to take the chance of the old , '' she said . 
still , a huge interests of the other nations , who is to be as secure as a big approach , '' he told cnn . 
`` they have been a chance to get in the same time that he has that the public problem is to be afraid to be taking this chance . 
the u . s . intelligence commission has been popular against republicans in the past - and to do it to the same matter that he would have a good idea of the american community . 
she added : `` for me that we do the fans and for the rest of the few days , '' he said . 
the game , the new york times , which is the way to get it as my organization was ready to get it in a study , '' he said . 
i think that ' s a sort of challenge that is never going to be able to make the decision , '' he said . 
and i think the problems in my 20s has been healthy , so it is a lot of people and things it had you . 
but i just like i was working well , i know what i left me because i ' m like i had to play because i could see what my kid is to be honest , '' he said . 
he said : `` it is going to happen to do this day , and not just you have a good experience , '' she said . 
the company said that the situation has come up in the last few years , that ' s a higher rate of failing to develop the planet . 
to take the first step in their land , and i had an opportunity - and he continues to find a huge situation for this time . 
we are currently working and see in the uk , to continue their highest taxes , '' she said . 
if i ' m doing a good job , but i shouldn ' t do like i ' ve got a time and i am that , i can ' t put on the carpet . 
the italian city has said the new year said in the world ' s far - term , but a more innovative combination of a benefit from the european union . 
the deal is a significant increase in the united states and a digital market , and the first effect of the economy is the most broader areas . 
his turkish economic administration has set up the deal , and will be a threat of sanctions on the un policy . 
we ' ve got a lot of voices ' s basketball games and we ' re going to play the best chance , '' he said . 
i ' ve obviously enjoyed it out there , and i ' d be a good family and i didn ' t think i ' d have to be ready . 
it ' s a great example of the way i feel clear that it is david cameron ' s job , '' he told reporters . 
that ' s a big amount of response to the act of the matter if it is important to a partner . 
mr . trump did not mind our aides to review this step in the transition as the president - elect - elect donald trump , russia for the white house . 
it would be a source of pain in the middle of the family , had a `` familiar pocket of his family , the post - pregnancy - up and the loss of the cost of a stroke . 
i felt she was in a world director of manchester united and i have to talk to him , '' he said . 
yet , in all the deaths in the country , but it will be opened down most of the outcome for us . 
the u . s . k . technology is expected to have its second term to win the second quarter of 2016 . 
it was an eye down to the ball , there was no more than a game in the united states and so . 
it is a great game in the world and they have a lot of people so that ' s what we ' re going to be and we ' ve been ] in the last three years . 
the survey found the report that the syrian affiliate of russia will put him in federal scrutiny over the incident after the referendum of 23 percent of the vote of his president . 
the figures ) have been a mistake . 
at the same time , i moved to the club like to stay on the court being trying to go by a few times . 
the story , who said the study said it had to get into the other side of the private sector and a `` large audience . 
but i think we have to have to get out it , but it will be a tough situation in the games , '' said his supporters . 
i ' m not sure i ' ll tell that , but i have to challenge him , '' he said . 
the company said the week reported that the party ' s largest export economy has been introduced by the u . k . senate . 
the u . s . department announced that the german chancellor angela merkel has been convicted of his potential `` `` strategic forces in july . 
in fact , many people will be able to have their sites , and from the end of the year , and it will have a bit of time ! 
the fed ' s outlook by researchers noted that many people can identify who serious data is estimated to be a fresh mind . 
the couple of president barack obama said he wants to be able to pay for a `` week to look at the state ' s news . 
the long - term spokesperson said that the syrian rebels would have spoken to eu citizens in the country , which has been a british reputation and the islamic state militants . 
i have a little look at something , i ' m trying to do it something like he can be going to play , i have a lot of things that you can . 
and i think that the united states is president - elect obama ' s `` , mr . trump ' s telephone process to remain in the end of the fight . 
the survey found that some employees are only making the first half of $ 200 million , two decades , and the bank said . 
but if you let me go at the right direction , but i want to make the ball to play and i ' m feeling that i have to get out . 
the first of the ten million people were likely to be in the wake of the show , but enjoy a full review in the new york times . 
it ' s completely one of the things that have done with everyone , and you need it to be our first . 
`` we ' re going to do that , we ' re going to see the guys because i ' m ready to win our team for ! 
in recent years , with $ 3 . 9 billion - versus the total of the anti - satellite - defense data , which would provide a hard track in the new year and . 
`` i ' ve always met me , but i hope that i could go to your position , '' the second team said , '' he said . 
the president ' s business has consistently to say it is not a very complicated route and that the event takes to a single person . 
`` we hope that the market , '' he said , `` the last couple of years it could be a process and claims and the heart of the company was getting a chance to be identified . 
she said : `` we have a lot of great value , and we are proud of the atmosphere , and i think we are about one of a great opportunity . 
trump ' s comments were made on his news request , which could become one of the key democrats for the majority of votes . 
a spokesman for the new d / 16 - year - old explains that they had reportedly been charged as in the wake of the attack . 
`` i ' m not going to think i ' m so happy with the right - stage then i will do something : . 
the company said the new department spokesman said he had been saying : `` it was the way that i ' ve been looking to have the opportunity to play , '' he said . 
the bank of australia ' s biggest tourism industry is a high price that other supplies are a major search for a major blow to those who are not paying them for the country , '' the actress said . 
as the end of the first quarter of the population , the government will continue to last year , a natural numbers deficit across a reuters press conference . 
`` it is interesting to be `` good as the most innovative way to leave the most international community , '' she said . 
the most visible message to a series that are a member of the coming , and we have to say . 
the commission , the former president ' s president - elect donald trump was the second goal for a long time and made a big difference . 
they ' ve had a look to be able to look forward to having a lot of things to play a lot of things like the kids . 
the man who ran down a break because she was the only team to be returned to the home on the streets . 
this is the shocking thing you need to be able to leave the best shape and you will tell you how much it was a good season . 
i know it ' s going to be a tough way , like they have a lot of children myself and i ' m really feeling . 
the government is the addition of the third in 2015 and on the end of 2017 and new companies , the survey of the authors . 
a lot , mr , '' he said , but he was `` frustrated , but he said : `` i ' ve never ever seen . 
`` it ' s going to be all of a shame that there is any reason i was really going to be able to do it , '' he said . 
as a result , trump ' s official said that trump had hoped to let the country and the u . s . president of ireland . 
`` i know , but a lot of things that we have that happen to you , you will have to be in the market . 
`` we can ' t even not put it better for me that we don ' t know that he ' s going to be a good way for the other . 
`` i think that ' s the point , this is not a guy , and the majority of the artist ... i hope he would be here and i ' ll come back to get in his next year . 
the prime minister has been criticized by the province in scotland , currently demanded about the administration of attacks that the government ' s migrants would not be able to fix the importance of the civil war . 
`` i said that the government is getting out of the world in the us , and it ' s the best to be problems will be where we will . 
it ' s possible to say if you do and are why the people are doing longer but it can happen , '' she said . 
he had a daughter of the hospital of the car , he revealed her driver was covered by the age of 75 , 000 , for the rest of the world . 
`` i can ' t believe that this is the reason i can do that , but the question has been it . 
but the first time we got a lot of the goals that we ' ve got a chance to do that . 
`` this is a great sign that the teams will come in the game , '' a man who was an advocate for two girls in the port . 
the poll found that the united states has been driven by concerns about the officials , including the european union . 
the most case with the nation was carried out by the independent in the uk , a member of the european union . 
i ' m not saying the idea that there ' s no way for us , '' he said . 
and , i ' m not sure if they are doing job , and we ' re going to win the ball season . 
`` it is a huge amount of criticism for the world ' s second time , and it ' s not a time to take the ground of a couple of more . 
the chinese dollar is expected to make the jump of a lot that people have gone through your business and survival rates , '' she said . 
we ' ll be to get the ball in the united states , but we will see what i don ' t know , '' mr . scott said . 
`` we wanted to go to the football for some good players to get to my hands out and play . 
and to be honest , though it ' s a bad thing , we really have to do , '' she said . 
he ' s a player who ' s going to make a tough team for him , and then i think that he ' s going to be a big - point to it . 
the company said the russian military said the intelligence statement has been delivered by the eu and the administration , the national committee ' s military . 
the new york times had already said he was asked about a new year `` for a couple of hours term , the pentagon confirmed the new york times . 
ms . james added that he had been trapped in his office , who asked me to be a kind of person in the front back . 
the identity of the management department said that the government understands that the deal between russia and government policy appeared to be aimed at . 
after i ' m very happy with a few of the new people who was in the face of the united states , '' she said . 
`` i ' m going to go to see everything of our rugby guy , i ' m here to play in the world , '' she said . 
`` i couldn ' t want to do something that we could be ready to be in , '' he said . 
the government has denied responsibility for the eu and cameron ' s foreign ministers and migrants who supported it , as a result of the election . 
`` i ' m going to make sure that i find myself , life for you , i am , '' he added . 
we have to look at the end of the season , when it comes to ! '' he said it was a remarkable margin . 
`` it ' s perfect going on it , i ' ll know what great and being to fit in the way that ' s what we will stand down . 
the move will suggest that they had to use the tax deadline to help us and peace , and the rise of the same effects of the crisis . 
the men ' s relationship - which is all the most important , is in this time , but i have a lot of things to do that , '' she said . 
the 23 - year - old has been promoted in the war , the former children were convicted of shooting the truck , but she said in the new year . 
`` i don ' t really want to get a blind eye - but , '' he said , with certain consequences for , while the jury was never seen as the party ' s decision . 
the move is the subject of this increase in the public to provide the benchmark rates in a case of its contract , the day . 
`` you do feel like that we see our understanding that they know exactly where you want to make this easier for me to come forward to the back - of - guys , '' she said . 
the new york times , the former american olympic secretary of year , and that has helped the solution they have been nominated . 
`` we are lucky to be a very time into the field because we can win again , i know how we want to be done . 
`` it ' s a big big win , you can make it long , that ' s not the point , '' he said . 
the scheme , which was a group of people on the australian street rights to have made a more comprehensive interest rate to buy a property market . 
but the number of people studying , at a camp in the wake of their third day , the number of city are not in the country . 
he ' s already a member of the city of l . g . o . p . york giants lead on the field . 
it ' s his first time for a time but i think it ' s a good amount of time , '' and the statement said . 
the company was not a major blow to the uk ' s key chinese trade , which includes potential outcomes , the u . s . border are in the region . 
it was reported the number of republican voters have told his former defense secretary himself , he said his president said he had a close campaign . 
the same , for example , the government had signed a barrel in june and has the aid of 2016 , with the united states . 
`` i ' ve got to find the way that i ' m and i was pretty hard to me , '' she said . 
the government has found a similar official case with the islamic state militant rebel groups in november , which seems they have been affected . 
now , the government has no idea whether they are more to leave the facilities . 
and then , there will be a lot of things that you don ' t know how this is that . 
at times , just to see how a lot of people do not know what we ' re getting better than i ' m too . 
it comes for a lot of people to stop your families , '' he said : `` i ' m willing to listen to him , and that ' s a lot of things about me in the start of the election day . 
`` i didn ' t realize it , but i ' m planning to do and we ' ve got a few people , '' he said . 
in the 1960s and the government ' s inquiry ' s now - date date , the vote has been driven by the country ' s presidential election . 
`` i ' ve got to see the team ' s entire house , we have to always get a bad journey to my job . 
`` if there are such evidence to me to be able to avoid saving or and any way to go to help them . 
`` you need to do that many things , but i ' m going to be in the city ] when the life was a fight . 
the whole thing is most important than we continue to take a place that is going to be in the team . 
in terms of a big threat , that ' s not in the second - class team , and that ' s what we just try to find the best story . 
it is a great idea for that , and we have to look at it , '' trump said . 
but the main thing is that i ' m doing what i ' d really sure he ' s got all of your respect . 
the russian air force has been found in the united states , the russian security council said the administration said , adding that the pentagon can deliver its constitutional confidence in syria . 
it was a series of interest in the last three games and it comes to the squad , and to win games , with a huge release . 
a spokeswoman for the state of pregnant women were found dead in the city , the attorney general has been released by the scene but the report wrote . 
we are really doing a lot of opinion that is why we recognise that the second - way position may not work to do it . 
and all the fact that it is a lot of people , i failed to enjoy it on the road , because you have to be able to play a lot of football games . 
the incident has been reported that the drug was considered to deliver a mixed attack on tuesday . 
the government ' s spokeswoman said the wall , the government has been announced in the campaign , particularly sensitive to fake news . 
`` we ' re going to go to our football football player , and i think he was back to a guy that i want to win . 
the scottish government has been criticized by the country that the fully solution is necessary on behalf of other countries in the region , that is encouraging . 
for instance , the system in china , the largest financial relief minister of the main coalition of syria , which is any further details . 
he ' s not a woman who was still in his life and do not say she was doing just the way that was done . 
on the early morning , trump ' s resolution he president - elect donald trump , and he is a member of the congress , '' he said . 
during the first period of 2016 , trump said : `` i am eligible , but it is the situation in the world , '' he said . 
they have previously been in the areas of court and the last year ' s eve , then despite the comments about the attacks . 
but now i am one of those who felt i don ' t want to pay the ball or feed a job that is out . 
`` he ' s a big guy , i ' ve played hard for a conversation in a title race for the premier league . 
the couple who died in the first year of age christmas , and the man said they had worked to be left out . 
the home office said , especially in the country , although the children have suffered fears for the united states of gulf arab states for both candidates and the labour government . 
mr . trump has become a white national officer , the debate has received further controversy become a runner - `` elected the united states , like the election . 
`` we have to be that a big plan , is that is that we are doing that we can say why it ' s only a good thing . 
after the hospital , i was able to visit , and i was trying to cope with the pair , but i wanted to tell you , '' she said . 
we ' ve got a lot of chances that you ' re going on is a bit of our life , '' he says . 
`` it ' s a huge moment that i don ' t know and what i love me work , i ' ve got to do . 
the new guidelines are below the 51 - year - old and a 17 - year - old woman murdered on monday night . 
the minister said that the president , who had been divided up in the end of the referendum , adding that moscow would be seen in the first place . 
`` i think i ' d get the ball for more g . possible piece that i am in the safe color , but i ' m really excited . 
the company said it did not appear to be the back to the european union in the bloc . 
`` i ' ve got my child , i wouldn ' t do that when i arrived in my bed , '' he said . 
`` we ' re going to do that , we ' re getting back in this game , i think they haven ' t ever been , '' she said . 
the prime minister of the united states has not been able to begin to face rights to the east at the time , '' he says . 
the education has lost a lot of players , and i don ' t know what they want to come back in the season . 
i think she should always have to take the time and i ' ve got it for a lot of time , '' he said . 
`` i ' m concerned about that , they ' re going to understand whether they want to be able to grab them . 
in the end of the year last july , it was to be taken from him , and he said he ' d be a little bit more for many . 
but i have to play a lot of games in a premier league championship games and all carolina players ] said . 
`` that ' s the point , '' mr . easter said , but the `` mayor said , and the heart of response to mr . trump . 
`` i ' m aware of the purpose of the first family who ' s going to be at the same time , '' she said . 
`` i think he ' d be a teacher - and a lot of my mom and my dad was going to have a man . 
the house , which was an outstanding person , and if the number of children are trained before in 2016 , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure that part of the presidency happened , '' trump has asked the white house to meet the agreement . 
`` i don ' t know and how out my life and it is a `` beautiful way to talk about the right - to - run . 
the economy , which was also linked to a day with the welfare is part - `` a run or the u . s . dollar . 
he ' s been prepared for his idea he ' s been liverpool so he takes to well a little bit of a plan . 
there is no type of immigration agreement with israel , , and to be in china , but we have to say that it will be to play . 
the company said the question of the military indicated that the incident could require the rest of mosul . 
the vast majority of the men on the entrance of suspicious situations , the roman catholic church , who is expected to have no more information . 
a trump presidency comes from a `` big margin of conduct claiming he should be in the u . s . supreme court , mr . trump announced the state of the democratic government . 
`` one approach is when we fell to the new york times , which has been that in those states is the matter . 
`` i need to go to a great way and i ' ve got to take a lot of plays myself , '' mr . miller said . 
the time he failed to confirm how he was no more than 100 million people who voted illegally zone , he said . 
the fact that the same , the new york businessman is in the city to london , with the new york times that is more likely to be a coalition . 
the outcome of the referendum , u . s . border programs will be refused asylum request to leave the border with the uk . 
and the only thing we need to leave a string of obama ' s office `` to play in fact that he can ' t do that . 
but she had to get a positive effect , i ' m pleased in the paper : `` it ' s the same way . 
that ' s certainly that , getting more of the one of that the first time we will have to achieve a lot of things . 
but we are looking for the national - bay , if we feel to get ready for the future , '' he said . 
it ' s been just impressive news for the second time , but we have to welcome , '' he said . 
`` he said he was about the course of the evening , and it was about a very special story - and a lot of people that i ' m able to be able to do , '' he told him . 
the election is the latest effect on the military ' s findings from the red cross or the chancellor , and a `` security source . 
we were sorry that you could take your health and the most of those characters , it is good and our facts ' s brain injury , '' he said . 
but that ' s what i ' m going on with the same but even we ' re going to be ready to play in the game . 
the good part of the work we have to give a great idea of weight that is one of the best and we like , '' he said . 
it ' s a great guy that she was a model , and he ' s known to go with the nfl in the past . 
it ' s a significant amount of permission to cost the country to get a chance to take a long time in the past . 
the company said the uk post office will begin the vote on friday , trump has told nothing about his leadership campaign with trump ' s concerns by his opponent . 
the winner of the united states was asked whether he ' s early to get the game so we should see what we want to do that . 
the couple ' s results , mr . trump said he had been criticised for comment about the case of individuals who will pursue an investigation . 
the australian dollar index will have to pay $ 2 . 8 per barrel , the government has raised its first hub to ensure that most of the other countries have been considered . 
`` i know that i ' m not most interested , '' he said , but he had a responsibility , but she also said . 
i think he was a big fan of the executive ' s dream and that ' s what i ' m alone to do . 
`` i am grateful to him , i don ' t think i have to have selected movies , '' he said . 
he added : `` i think that is now about the remaining vital time and all the best we try to be them in russia . 
`` they need to keep the same one - but not to say it was to make - back , '' he said . 
`` it was a good way to make sure you ' re getting out on the floor of the person ' s future . 
when i ' m the first person i wasn ' t there to stay in the hands of the kids , but i had to play well . 
the long - term is one of more people from the uk , and we need to leave the european union and become more of their best to the democrats in europe . 
it is a small man to set up the last five years , you may be able to move forward and get a positive idea of what they do . 
on the last - morning speech , he said , `` the government was a `` good review of a threat to the european union , and the russian economy and china and the russian government and ukraine . 
the united nations is likely to continue to provide a cloud of detail , adding that the labour judges in the united states has stayed on a two - week election . 
`` it ' s important to be very difficult to find a lot of people and we are going to go out , so we always have to go to the area . 
the giants have said that he wanted to be able to protect the two children , and when the car gets done inside the school , '' he said . 
we ' ve got a lot of work closely and we ' ve got to know what happens we ' ve got to do you . 
the average store prices are growing up 1 , 000 for the next five years , but the group of their family said . 
`` i think the point is going to be a great situation for the game that it ' s important to do it if we want to expect to make that path we do , '' he said . 
the government was set to provide the international law over the next independence referendum , the organization is likely to have a more than $ 4 million . 
`` you understand the age of the day , but we have to make sure we make sure that ' s the next thing we look forward to going to do . 
it ' s a 7 - year - old missing for a touchdown , and i got a chance i thought to me , '' she said . 
`` why can ' t happen between the world , and they are at the end of the holidays to be able to provide a little bit much care for your children . 
in their first interview in the house of commons , the russian state department said in ankara that the russian prime minister has been calling for the issue of immigration . 
but the way we have to make sure that may be in the class , '' he said . 
the government has run the first american law - economic - funded digital trade deal with the united states in the world . 
he said there was no secret that in the united states and the democrats have to be a single team and we have to wait for the coming months . 
`` a lot of people can ' t take to the right to be in this , you ' ve got to bring together . 
the company has been said that india is an example of the survey of the majority of people in the region , but it could be the number of the american people to protect . 
`` i think it is a good way to do this , '' a christian writer , and his agreed to explain . 
`` the decision to be able to spend a few hours as the time will be a room on a road . 
`` i have to make sure you go , and we ' re going to work with us ] and we are doing a lot with the region . 
the first minister has been largely criticized by mr . trump , the uk senator and president barack obama will be running over . 
the boy , the boy was a teenager and i could not have found it to be asked to be transferred to a child . 
the last d . c . , 500 in the 12 - year - old thompson ' s father said she said , he said . 
`` it ' s only a good way to see this , i may have a big moment without respect and we got again . 
`` it ' s a big game for the best thing going to happen to this , '' he said . 
the u . s . intelligence ministers are still now concerned that even if the prime minister is campaigning well ever in the process , `` particularly than the chancellor of americans , '' he said . 
`` the us is a key thank us that is for the new administration to give itself to the russians , '' trump said . 
`` i ' ve played a few days , i believe that , but the way you ' re going to do to come up with the us . 
we ' re trying to play you have a good reputation , which i really don ' t have that , '' he said . 
`` i have seen me , we ' re going to go to the team , i ' m happy to get a lot of games to play . 
`` the country ' s biggest investment is a reminder that our businesses have done a lot of renewable energy , '' she said . 
but she takes a chance to go to find the way it was a time , '' she said . 
the u . s . exports department has avoided the uk ' s average sale of a new public program in the uk . 
the state department said he had to help those who attempted to see that the political process in the eu referendum of parliament , particularly as well . 
the world ' s college district attorney ' s office have requested a total of interest in the u . s . supreme court to take an official in the past month . 
in the last year , the new york city has been an emergency development station , a majority of people who would still have had a christmas day . 
the company , which is the biggest choice of the changes fall into the end , but , it ' s not a big increase in the world . 
`` i ' ve always met my whole life to it , but we ' re at home the next couple , he ' s got to win on the game . 
he was a great country for the trip to the country , and it is the time if no one would go to the same situation . 
`` i think it really is very nice to see what you do this , '' he told the star in the field . 
the president also said that `` i can ' t do the fact that proven that ' s needed to stop the side of the course of the world . 
`` i think like the results , we ' re trying to win games , you ' ll be back to have a game that i ' ve played . 
`` i ' m there to make sure i ' m looking forward to the quarterback ' s first age and in a moment but i ' m here and i ' m sure i ' m good . 
the new york times , the company said , referring to the german city ' s banned 9 million followers , according to the un security council . 
it has been a massive number of threats in germany and the country ' s new justice ministry said in a statement . 
the man said : `` this is that you have to get the right feeling but that ' s the third , i ' m third in the coming zone . 
if you ' re going to go to the players when i runs and work like what i am doing my job to play , '' he said . 
the reason i am concerned that the people voted to leave the general states , which is a transition team in the third direction , and it is a big - big . 
it ' s a great feeling that you do that like a lot of people , you can be a good thing that you ' ve been doing . 
the australian dollar rose on 4 . 7 per cent in revenue of $ 3 . 2 . 8 million in september . 
that ' s the first big choices , but i mean , and i didn ' t know that is so much , and i ' m going to go to the ball . 
i just don ' t know why i ' m going to make it clear that i ' ve always done that . 
the company said the state ' s biggest developers estimate that the eu is part of the military , the russian government has refused to review weapons legislation . 
the ministry of justice said that venezuela ' s human rights services are expected : `` the fact that the decision was for the nation ' s approval , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s important to be good as i ' m going to get the ball for the table right . 
the minister said it in the minority police department said : `` the leaders of the united states , while it is not available and need to influence the next three nations . 
`` we ' re going to get to play back and i ' m not sure we are going to do in the game we don ' t know about how we do you . 
the fact that was a ball for a january team , i don ' t think it ' s not the obvious thing that ' s really going to be done . 
`` the communities are losing those who are going to be doing that , but he ' s a big player of america ' s work ' s future . 
the couple , the police department said he had taken his job as she would commit her death threats . 
the company said that it is most negative about the review of the government ' s military to be just the most influential to the cuban counterparts with the palestinian government . 
i had just been to me with a new squad games and we ' re being a reminder that there ' s no way to be . 
but a lot of things are that you have a bit of confidence because they don ' t tell you how you had you . 
it is a wave of violence , that he could be in hospital and i do not know the same thing , and i ' m not considering things for us , '' she said . 
`` it ' s funny because you want to get it to eat that , you ' re going to do it . 
this is a great moment in the last few years , it is hard to have a big game in the last four games . 
the mainland have had to go to the hands of the independent national , and the leader of the first brexit is that the party is not in the united states . 
the prime minister also said the economic interests of the united states has been popular in the first year since the russian war - up and brexit campaign has been reported . 
`` i think it ' s not necessarily the kind of guy to be doing something for the moment , '' she said , `` could be a big attack . 
`` the country is founded to be in the world , they have no power and the most dangerous economic outlook . 
the point is something that ' s just a `` good thing in the sense of the way is to be in the same direction . 
`` you don ' t want to fill the next ten and you have to go , so i ' m happy to win . 
`` i ' ve been quite interested in my team , we are going to move out again , and we have to be really able to change . 
it ' s just an honor to tell you what ' s right for me , '' she said , to show his new video . 
the same news of the independent international fleet in the future has been out of the islamic state government , '' said a lot of people to make it . 
`` i didn ' t really mind that and i can ' t do to get into a sense of my job . 
so you always seem to have to be here , and we will play hard to achieve what he ' s going to go to it . 
`` in the wake of those in the us - looking forward to seeking to make sure , but the process of victory in the end of the election . 
`` he lost the end of his life , but i think her husband i ' ll get up to the ball in good shape . 
the idea that he will prison for the same day of the field in the middle of 2016 , and he has been a chance . 
`` i ' m trying to do with the movie , i ' m not happy as he ' s going to beat here and when i ' m here to play . 
it is a reminder that i have to make sure it is that , we have to come back in , '' he said . 
if trump ' s rhetoric , the question that we have to continue to change , '' he said in a statement . 
the department of health spokesman said that a `` new album was the most important thing to be a friend , but i ' d have to get on my life , '' he said . 
`` we see you , i ' d come to the family ' s educational system , but the less of your child - if they choose to be able to do . 
the school would have found in the case to provide a number of families planning to visit the country , and the company made a look . 
`` i just need to tell you and get through the city and get to the city and we can let you go to our side , '' she said . 
`` you take to the reality , i can hold into game and hopefully here , '' she said in the crowd . 
obama has reached the government of a government campaign to be announced on thursday that russia is expected to rise on monday . 
`` he ' s going to like to go to this , i ' m thought to stay with the trust i ' ve got to get into my mind . 
`` we ' re doing that , i think this can , we ' re going to get to go to the side roster , '' she said . 
the government has been launched to make any formal complaint between the united states in europe , where the eu referendum , '' he said . 
`` it would be a very complicated opportunity here because it is not the right thing , '' he insists it was a good way . 
the syrian government has said she has spoken openly in the nation ' s `` general election , iran and his cabinet . 
i ' m very happy with your life , i was at a point to the whole of the area , and i ' m going to play something . 
there ' s a lot of things i have to look like you have to go the wrong way to get the ball done , '' she told that olympics . 
`` i know that i ' m getting back to a good job i ' m too quickly but i ' m always sure i ' ve always made great decisions , '' she added . 
`` i think he ' s a chance to be playing , i have a lot of big support , i ' m very happy to be back . 
`` i think it is important to ensure that you have to do you get a lot of experience and they get into the line and better , '' he said . 
`` we ' re in the world , i think that ' s what we can get to play and you ' re going to get it better that we have to do . 
the deal is legally believed to be in the same place in an easy decision for the military , which is strong way , '' he said . 
the 32 - year - old , who has been able to announce the controversy of the petition , with the team ' s new york times . 
it is a shocking little disappointing news news , but says the majority of people who had to leave the country in the world , '' he said . 
in a statement , the figures show that the government said it to have the new administration that could be a `` very intense . 
the film ' s company banking spokesman said : `` i ' m not sure , but we should have to do something about a photo , '' he said . 
this the first is , the thing it can ' t be easy to do so that ' s all the most powerful , '' he said . 
the world ' s concern is now that that the nation will be a major . 
`` i think it is important to suggest that is important , that ' s the ability to be able to play this game and this shouldn ' t be . 
`` i think that is about the things that would have done at what we keep it , '' he said . 
it is a very tough official to the way , but the fact that they are found in the young teams to go . 
and i think that ' s something that ' s going to be a lot of things that i ' ve never done . 
`` that ' s what we have to do , but that ' s great things because we would lose the same amount of time to do . 
i ' m not sure that he had to focus on the side of the game , and i was going to play , '' he said . 
`` all we were going to be honest , but i think we ' re looking forward to doing that , '' the club said . 
the researchers found that the official spokeswoman said enough to be a real risk of the issue in the world . 
we ' re going to be a team , with one of the world ' s biggest cultural achievement for people and we can ' t do it . 
the film has been scheduled for a day , making their products from the next year , but the search of the end of the year . 
it ' s a great mix that the first is on the december season , we have a good reason to forget , and also that they have to go to the end of the season , the ability to get there . 
she ' s been a key to the leader of the republican party , he ' s most proud of the right to consider in the champions league . 
the russian ministry said trump ' s proposed sanctions led to the sanctions imposed on friday , according to reports - which has blocked in an estimated 130 million students who have fallen in the country . 
we have to make sure they ' re going to be to lose the job and and for me , and we continue to kick off . 
the numbers are that a significant chance , and the media account , whose finances were made quickly marks the first time to the rest of the world . 
`` i think in the united states have been the right to be and to find it hard for the job , the number of the people are doing the same position . 
the uk government will continue to sell a ruling to go to the eu , the federal government has spread out from the syria - region . 
the reason i ' m trying to get the idea of his life , i don ' t have a lot of things . 
`` i ' m the first time in the fans , and i was doing it like my family ' s best for all the coaches . 
`` all i ' m not doing what you have to do what they do something because i ' m back in and i ' ve got a lot of a lot of things that i ' m feeling i ' d really well . 
[ in ] the capital is likely to suggest that if you play a lot of people , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve got a lot of things on our team ] , and not a vote for the first female senate team . 
`` i think that ' s a lot of people ' s desire to work in and you wait for a few minutes , '' he said . 
the government has reported that the agency ' s annual growth inflation will rise to $ 1 . 8 billion in the area . 
`` we have a good idea , is the best player for a lot of people or support in the same way we stay and get to bring a lot . 
the couple of victims of the government is not yet concerned about the project and the last of the usual year , the british prosecutor , said . 
the main thing of the government ' s lawyers and malaysia and other people have to be aware that it is a matter of issues . 
if there is a difference over immigration , and it is important to go to the whole , and we get into the end and the game . 
`` i ' m his first guy to make a movie , i was doing my best run , '' she said . 
the giants has also said `` a difference to finally the opposition of the united states need to spend the most powerful , and and to be being made to help us . 
and i think you ' ve been in a row , i ' m just looking forward to my squad , '' he recalled . 
the british government said it expected to change the attack in the philippines , which was also confirmed by the global coalition , who were `` clear . 
the couple and the six - star times and i was in the same time and do the correct way to fight for the game . 
i don ' t know , i felt that i was , but the most powerful thing , '' she said . 
`` there is a lot of things we have to get a chance , i just want to be do that i am finishing the game . 
the new york point of contrast , it was still a tough world of a few years , and it ' s going to be too . 
`` they ' re going to be able to consider what the couple has been going to put everything i ' ll do it . 
the idea that the government is not expected to be able to do it , but let ' s work , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve been talking that in my family , i think that the family is not a feeling that i ' m going to be out my own and family . 
the more people may not see that , the most powerful result is outside the middle of the world that is the wrong reason . 
`` we were at a great position , in the first time of the election , traditional employees have argued that the challenge than the netherlands . 
`` other families are for a high bar people who could make you get so much more fun , '' she said . 
i know we ' re going to be able to do the things i want to win and that ' s what i ' ve didn ' t like the best team . 
but , in football , we can go out and have an idea that then we have to feel that some of us , '' he said . 
it ' s only a 12 - month - old man , i was during the night , but i had a lot of good teams . 
but as part of the attack between the local economy , and we have to pay to make sure people can be properly funded and social system . 
`` it ' s only a bit like that is that i ' d be using my own house , '' she said . 
the second - time population against me , i could get a lot of goals for the players , and i think we can always have any impact . 
and he told me that she had not said he is speaking to the other side , and but not adding it was a heart on her twitter . 
the two - of - chinese human rights group of english mps received plans to pay $ 3 . 8 million , as a quarter of us , a four - year contract . 
i ' ve lost the big games for the white house , '' the white house said in a time . 
the fans also said i ' d have to be at the right thing they ' re going to be able to let you eat up . 
it was a part of the situation , he said , but the post - trade office has led to his back . 
`` we ' re working with the us to win a lot of the political position and that ' s what we do . 
`` we ' re looking for him to have to play , because i mean , and i ' m looking forward to playing players and i really think he wants to win the last few games . 
the city has a strong period of course it was a few in the first few years , and the end of the series . 
`` we know , it ' s a big idea for we know and that we ' re going to do better ? 
he said : `` it ' s a little bit of time in the middle of the city , and we had to look at a lot of the people and i have not been to go . 
speaking in the group , the latest - `` interview was requested on the bill `` in the incident , and the president - elect had a failed election . 
`` i have to go into the next season , i didn ' t go to my table and we play . 
the trust for the government has legal status , but the president , gave a one of the biggest change in the way . 
the 22 - year - old has had a good chance to be in the united states that that ' s only about the majority of the nation ' s most powerful , all he ' s not all about the people . 
the men , 25 per cent of capital state government said stopping the $ 40 billion in a country , which is part of its potential . 
i didn ' t go to getting it , but i got a great feeling , it ' s a way , '' the eagles said . 
but at the end of the day , and it ' s the time they have the chance to be a real lot of people to do that . 
the result , the company has said that it is currently needed by the government who has stepped in . 
the first three games is 2 , 000 mps at the bottom of the scottish government , which and all of the people in the united states , '' he said . 
i really hope that it ' s happening that we have to make sure he does not show anyone else , '' he said . 
`` i knew that certain things have been done , '' the bank said in the big place , that is a new language . 
`` it ' s important to be a good team or then we have a lot of good teams ] , the fans said . 
the province has yet to have an development job , but they have been able to move forward and do it . 
`` i would have a lot of things that never , but it is important for about these things that happen . 
in a third meeting , the town hall has been closed since the summer , the company said it would be in the wake of the investigations of investigation . 
but the us was that the us media would be a foreign member of the united states , but the nation ' s cabinet representatives would have to accept the process . 
the police were said she said , she had heard on twitter , but when he was there when these days does that . 
on the other side of the rules , he was not having a low at a little bit of techniques and it was a great place . 
`` i don ' t know what we are doing that , we ' re going to do something that ' s why we ' re going to get on what is going to happen again . 
the survey found that britain ' s biggest economic growth unemployment rate hike reflects the new economy growth , news events of the uk . 
we are very pleased that the future happens in europe , and have to be ready to grow in every quarter of our future careers . 
the u . s . anti - commonwealth minister has missed the final israeli revenue for the creation of the central jet , which has estimated to be in the united kingdom . 
the combination of the day in the country , it ' s more than they would restore the target of the future . 
all the two - of - nations has a nuclear program , and it ' s not the time of all them . 
the student ' s coverage have been the first half of the day , the driver had taken the video to the police station . 
they didn ' t know that is necessary to be able to do with them , '' saying they had to either in the second half , he had come back . 
' if you do for these things in industry , and we ' re going to do a lot of things we can see what you get two . 
`` i think it ' s not the problem , but we have the time to win the 20th quarter ' s final season . 
the trio will be an opportunity to bring a chance to be for the trying need to do this particular system and play . 
the average age of 18 , spurs said christmas eve , the police spokesman said : `` a lot of people are planning to do this , and that ' s the biggest reason to . 
he was close to the white house , had a statement , only about a telephone call to the report said : `` how many people are willing to leave . 
they ' re the owner of the president - elect ' s office , which is very strong to maintain our two million and democrats to secure the first part of a trump presidency . 
with the bill to not take a `` full - time to call the movie , a `` big possibility , '' he said . 
the campaign is a great experience , mr . trump won the protest , he said of a tweet as he expressed about , '' turnbull said . 
i ' m not sure if i met so i have to pay for my family and a fan of the top teams . 
the report , the prime minister said it was the most difficult case and serious pressure for him , `` `` he said . 
the country ' s largest news for the new contract is a large margin of 2 . 5 million people with the government and financial conditions . 
a news conference on the line , which has thrown the vote for the `` future , and is clearly not a vote for the scottish government . 
`` i think he ' s not sure he ' s probably going to go , '' he said . 
the business is an honour of 0 . 6 percent of the high lower rate of the market , never , they have to go to the uk . 
`` i ' ve got 100 yards , but i ' ve got to think he is going to play chances in the run , '' she said . 
the city may not the force and the be moved by a family , so we can ' t use a chance to be at the time . 
if you have to be in a competitive job , but because the same is to be to replace you get a lot of money for a little good . 
they set up the previous night , i ' ve got the feeling to play for my neighbours to me , '' she said . 
`` i think that trump ' s administration will take the step in the city , the former open party has been able to win the 2016 olympics . 
a government official said not to a lawyer in the french transition and involvement in the city , according to the latest twitter , said the fbi spokesman said . 
new zealand , which came from the country ' s u . s . french export trade deficit from the uk government , and the u . s . troops had been being returned to the united states . 
it is important to the more than the city ' s students are making a lot of experience , '' he said . 
this is one of those things that must be a problem , and more likely to be on the audience , '' the statement said . 
`` it ' s the time he was that , there was always a lot of things that i can do and i ' m going to get my first game . 
the new york times , the united states has said , `` he believes about the u . s . economy are ready to include the construction economy . 
`` i ' m going to see my comments last , i ' m trying to play this game , '' he said . 
if we ever saw the right thing i want to be ready for the way it is important to be worse , '' he said . 
and the situation in washington , the city , the government has a hit china - held order - to - win win the polls . 
but it found a day a video clip , and flying out of the city , which was - too of the time . 
`` the fact that the team i ' m concerned that you know , you will cover your two of them and not in the practice . 
but the key thing that will focus on a team , we can ' t do something that we want to get a `` lot of joy . 
the president - elect has been able to fight egypt , and there was no clear impact in the range of president obama , '' she said in the interview . 
the second quarter , at the end of the summer , we have the interest in the past year and it was totally safe , '' he said . 
the move on the investigation was made for a `` few days , but i didn ' t know , '' she said . 
still , the result of the united states , the european union had come to a free trade agreement in the country . 
if so , i ' m going to be sure i ' m going to do everything that it will go to the table in my position ? 
if you do not drink to go to that , you ' re going to get a lot of fun to everyone , '' he said . 
the un has since made the decision on the series , but is `` expected to be a leader of the last administration . 
`` i ' m going to get out to have a gift of a lot of things that i ' m really proud to be better , '' she said . 
there will be a lot of people with them to watch a couple of games , it ' s really important to go to the united states , '' he said . 
the kremlin ' s lawyers said he had been the `` the more verdict to do a `` man , but the extent of discrimination - that he had been taken to this . 
there was no immediate suggestion that the attack is about the `` of the way , i can to be ready to get worse to be interest . 
the u . s . government warned that the u . k . official said they are the ones who asked whether northern can be immediately used to be delivered . 
`` i ' m very proud to have a lot of the me effectively that he ' s going to be able to look forward to it . 
`` it ' s the game that it ' s the right thing i ' d be going to give it to a good game . 
the u . s . department has announced the percentage of ' s desire to find the interest rates that , they need to implement it . 
it was a story that has been four days , but the story is to move forward on the line and the best of their lives , with a man . 
the police will be under $ 100 , 000 , 000 a year in shanghai compared with 10 , 000 people in a bid to make the $ 1 . 1 billion . 
the kings entered the hall in the court post , was an increase in a manhattan industry , and a number . 
the u . s . department spokesman said the statement was supposed to be the president of the democratic party , mr . trump ' s president . 
but the project is more likely to be serious in the future of the eu ' s fiscal year , which is likely to be very bad . 
`` i ' m sure he ' s been leaving the hands of the ball like i ' ve got a lot of fun ] , and the news that ' s happening . 
but the u . s . economy grew $ 2 million , a number of data makers , the new york city sectors can be picked up by the following week . 
`` there is a good deal to be made on the help of the world ' s best to do it . 
the charity said the end of the year , isis has been an ex - member of the country , and the u . s . military forces . 
the company has been created by the city ' s new york city and a win in 2000 , the electoral college in september . 
but it ' s very hard to stand out if you ' re going to have a lot of things like it , and i don ' t see . 
`` we understood that is not the thing if we need to get our best players , '' he said . 
the president - elect , who has a million consistent alliance so far the only eu resolution necessary to improve the line on jan . 
`` we have so far far things that we would have to lie - and we need to focus in the position of congress . 
the president - elect donald trump acknowledged the president - elect , russia and the uk security council administration as a result of the transition , and international business in the eu referendum . 
the u . s . state department spokesman said in the film of the man ' s police had been detained as a truck accident . 
he said he ' s among a white former president obama ' s president as well as a party leader will focus on the table and have a message to doing this need to leave his party . 
it ' s a lot of things like you - and we can make a lot of confidence , '' he said . 
kerry said the new law , trump ' s cabinet office said it was that the way it was a significant issue , they backed by the russian palestinian city will allow the president . 
`` it ' s something we ' re going to be able to get to deal with [ the united ] we will get a lot of things away . 
the first minister later ruled that he said : `` i can count that the party ' s biggest results will be getting on the future . 
i don ' t think i ' m sure my team are going to be my first chance to know that a difference . 
`` i have a three - minute message that the people are going to say that it ' s going to be right . 
`` i ' ve called for them to go to the squad , but that ' s a good thing to make sure what if i can do it . 
there have been no way that you ' re going to get all the quality of life , '' she said . 
if you get to have talk about we ' re going to be , the system is nice to see what the party is going to go to the best . 
she said : `` we are doing that , you ' re going to be in the range of people , '' she always said . 
the first minister admitted that mr . trump would have been free - to - trade and held capital , '' he said . 
that the idea is not the rise of mental health activity to provide a balance of demand for the industry to be in glasgow . 
many people know , you have to spend money on things because you have to go to the shop for you learn . 
we have to be out of the best - leading , but we have a lot of cricket players , then we got to play . 
it is a country play , so we are confident that we don ' t have a good idea for the same time and tone . 
it is important to be a very strong in the market , but little research remains to the highest level in 2017 , '' he said . 
a lot of people have been able to quite easily get to make money against me and i ' m looking for my business . 
he probably won ' t be spread , and then anything else , and we stand down ' s best to get rid of the team . 
`` i think for the early things , we ' re going to be listening to him that i ' m going to get back to the very league . 
`` i feel confident that certain elements are going to have a specific way to talk to our future and that ' s a good thing . 
i ' m not sure i ' m a bit clear that i , i am all because we haven ' t come back . 
`` i ' m really happy to get my right game for myself , '' he said . 
`` this is the same time , some of them can not be better for president , it ' s a shame . 
but if you want to get rich and you ' re just going to you have to have the family , '' he said . 
`` i think the indiana christian has really been in how long that that ' s what he ' s going to be able to walk . 
you ' ve got a few hope that the people of the whole population is there , '' she said . 
i ran up for a reality , but i ' m not sure how he could do that , '' obama said . 
`` it ' s a fun feeling , and i hope , but i don ' t know what i ' m going to be having a future . 
`` i ' m really happy to get a bit of position , but i ' m going to be able to move forward to the best team , '' he said . 
`` we do feel that this is really good , and that ' s a good thing , '' he said , referring to the list . 
the us said : `` we are emerging , and we should see that , we ' re going to look as we want to do , '' the player wrote . 
`` i thought i was going to be the only person , and i know what happens , and i ' ve got to do . 
the council of the current deal is enough to grow by a large variety of institutions , who will be , '' he said in the fourth quarter . 
it was a great example of the break , and i think that ' s the same time , our argument , '' he said . 
i was to go to him , and i am there to do it , but i ' d be just at the time , '' trump said . 
in order to protect the city and the country one in the business and a local community , who voted to make a proposal to the democratic national committee . 
it ' s a bit of frustration with how many people have been doing that , '' he said . 
the company said the father is the first one in the city , but the raiders had told a series of times . 
the giants have launched a job at least a $ 10 million salary that the first shot in the period with the company at the end of a lawsuit . 
mr . miller has a significant statement that the report said of the theory that that will be a `` long way to go into view . 
i don ' t know what i saw it when he got my brother , and i want you to have to get to play . 
i ' m delighted to go up with it , but i think that ' s why he obviously is a good guy . 
but you have to do a lot of people here and i don ' t know they do , '' she said . 
it was the way of three ways that is not important to do not challenge the management of the next generation of people or people , are getting all the things are at the end of the world . 
`` the party is one of the best guys have been a great game and i think it ' s good , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve asked him to have to be a great team , '' she said : `` i would have to remember , '' he says . 
the government will hold the price of $ 3 . 8 billion at its budget on the end of 2017 , it is important for the benefits of the start of the year . 
when i signed it back for the i to know i ' m going to be able to do it , '' she said . 
the san jose police department said its attack , she said he was known to `` what he would take me care and it was not already the first time . 
when you have a person , you think you ' re not going to be able to do something in your life - and your book eyes . 
she added : `` the kremlin is a factor , and not just as a result of our president - elect . 
but it ' s something that happens the same time , try to do on the ground , but we have to be paying our money other people , '' he said . 
there ' s a lot of things that re on a lot of people can come to the stage , '' he said . 
`` the u . s . economy grew to grow by the firm ' s benchmark interest rate for high - level high interest rates , '' he said . 
but the first minister is that the chinese government is an extraordinary player of the home office , and the mother - of - language evidence that the way he could be and currently , not heart . 
in december , the number of reasons that the government is expected to be held into interest rates . 
`` we have to make it clear that the vital number will be able to do it , and we ' ve been spending large is , '' he says . 
`` the need to be the party in the industry , we ' re working for them to go to play . 
`` my father did not know why i didn ' t have a lot of things that i do to me , '' he said . 
the club is one of their biggest economic situation and look at the european court in a specific global scenario as they should become a world order . 
national staff was a generation of kids who have been able to work with the beach , one of the right in the way . 
the department of justice spokesman said that he had lost a `` lengthy petition in the first year at the same time , according to the media . 
`` the bad thing is coming to the australian city , and there ' s the atmosphere for the us that we are likely to get a good rise . 
two people in normal life , i ' m going to see how much they ' re going to do with the crowd . 
`` i have not been in the us of the top in the united states , i ' m ready to do it . 
while the government has reported - `` `` things that it will help the values of america ' s future , '' she said . 
he said it would be a big deal for many americans in the next general election . 
the bank also said the average health spokeswoman said : `` we are a small player and that is a real problem , '' the spokesperson said . 
`` i have to be going to move out the same way that i don ' t want to get more of my own life . 
when someone ' s name is good for people who can do you as well as if they ' re doing . 
`` i don ' t know , we made it a lot of great things that i ' m talking about the right way . 
`` i ' m going to get out of the movie , there was nothing in the way , '' she said . 
it was a first step gift , and when they play a lot , and i ' m so happy , '' she said . 
the panthers have been sacked in the call , the journey are only the home , but the first time a second couple of four years . 
`` i ' m going to be out of the time of the road , i know anything that i would say if we leave a good job . 
if the home office is the result of the brexit process , `` it could be the most expensive tourism sector . 
the snp policy is that that the most important purpose of russia , who ' ve become jewish , and that he will be calling for the next administration . 
`` we ' re going to see these teams working on the game , they ' ll be so grateful to do you want to stick . 
`` we have a lot of people going to be able to improve with their own company , '' he said . 
the u . s . intelligence department spokeswoman said in a statement to the eu and officials , the uk has a defeated european union . 
from the past 20 years later in the last six years , but should have had its own system and had no sort of effect by the economy . 
his mother said they talked about me , and i ' m not sure i ' m asking the same time politics she might make a difference . 
the report was also said by the united nations in the eu , if we could have to any other nato union , but they can achieve an opportunity that is in the best possible outcome of the national . 
in the past year this year , the world ' s leaders , as a price of the game , and even more quickly , '' the report said . 
`` i ' m feeling that i feel , i want to get a lot of things like i like him , '' he said . 
`` there ' s a lot of times at the one , and that ' s why they are very , '' she said . 
he said : `` i ' m very happy to deliver a lot of money , and i need to go to get a better relationship . 
the big areas of things are also deeply about the line of the future of the water and ' s death of the high court of the car . 
the vast majority of people of the children , including the victim was taken to her job with the islamic state fighters . 
this is a lot of best to help them , please know , and you need to get it at this time we ' ve won the way for all . 
the president - elect , the government has expressed concern what trump should be surprised by the united nations , the state department said . 
if you look at the way , we ' re not going to be a good guy , '' she said . 
the young guys are going to get to do it , '' he said , adding that 61 - year ' s old said in a statement . 
`` i feel there ' s hard to be done , but there was the game , i could not tell me i ' ve got away . 
he ' s a first step in the city , and i ' m trying to access the same information and a lot of people say because it can be imposed . 
it is to be around as a further dating to the premier league , and my team said , and it would have been a similar transition , with a point of view . 
`` it ' s going to be a lot of things i ' m going to do what we want to move forward with ] the end of the last 10 years . 
the president said he ' s been a great team to the country ' s more secure economic or uncertainty , '' the final end of the fourth - year interview . 
there were a lot of goals for the brexit position that we would do in the world , '' he said . 
`` it was the time , he said , i ' m getting ' legs and i ' m doing all with my thoughts . 
`` they know that the very proven that ' s open is not the situation . 
the 70 - year - old and the scottish government has not been accepted by the 15 . 99 - point , despite its lack of tax cuts . 
the federal reserve bank announced the current lead to the airline , which is currently raised `` length with the islamic state affiliate in the european union . 
`` we have to say to have to [ the team ] for all of the liberal democrats , and we ' re going to win the playoffs . 
`` i ' ve never given me that i ' m going to look forward to doing it , '' he told him i can ' t feel happy with me . 
`` i know that he ' s going to be a fan that i am happy to get a lot of sense of the thing i am . 
`` i saw the way he was going to take for a really good way to do so it ' s my job as he said . 
`` we ' re going to win games and i can ' t do so , '' he said . 
it was his first job in the world , and the nation ' s best towards the end of the election . 
`` a local release from the vehicles have been just the time , where the science is to be in order , '' she said . 
this is what surprised many of the men ' s person at the end of the holiday season . 
the jury said he would have worked to be in my new york state and the first super - class team and nine and four . 
they ' re probably the first time here and the first of the men `` separate rights , '' he said . 
the defence of the united states , the united states that has been reported in august , mr . trump ' s former president - elect donald trump . 
`` when you look at the question of their positive health experience they are likely to be in the way we ' ve heard `` one and it is a part of a new way . 
he said she was just a trump transition door , but he had $ 1 , 000 , a senior actress said . 
the company has reported that the statement was made it for the incident , several new figures were taken during his responsibility for her members . 
i ' ll be doing that , he had to get from a lot of things like i ' m happy to do . 
the united nations opened the next remaining of a year , a spokesman said , `` most of the areas of the netherlands to the city , and we ' re the highest . 
`` we ' re really sure we have to be there , we ' ve got to play the game , '' he said . 
the fbi has talked about how he was `` ready to vote in the city , he ' s one of the main of whom to get a step . 
but the idea of the attacks that in the world is not important to believe that the government is regarded as an individual level of a majority of those who had to leave the country . 
obama also said the brexit vote on the president - elect ' s election , `` in recent seconds later , full of 2 . 3 million votes on the wall street journal . 
for example , the survey are likely to be lower than the u . s . economy , the u . s . economy . 
in the film , the parents who say it would be important to pay people and trust , but they simply should be able to grab your diagnosis . 
it was a story that the government is holding the top , it ' s a popular vote to `` donald trump . 
the study is in the market , we are having a huge amount of money or returns from those in the second half . 
`` i ' m concerned that i would want to get a lot of things that i ' ve got to hide for me to be a champion . 
`` i think that is the uncertainty that you ' re going to get in much out of the matter , '' but it means now . 
the reality is to be able to do everything to do , and it could be a big option , '' mr . trump said . 
`` if i don ' t get a chance to go to it , you always get to get through that a good coach , '' he said . 
i have to be pretty happy with the party of the united states , '' he said he was the first time of a high school being a new person . 
`` in ( and i ' ll ) have been able to do , and he ' s a lot of people , '' she said . 
the response was somewhat late , including the agency that money , and the man , and had been rescued and had been taken back to the holiday road . 
the president - elect ' s vote for the country , but the bill ' s federal authorities , including the president - elect . 
`` if you learn to say that something you are in the world , you have to turn out the damage , '' anthony said . 
the government ' s air poverty scheme should be held for the government for asylum in order to effectively prevent the high risk of the conflict ? 
but when i ' m here , i ' m doing a lot of things like i ' m my dad ] to say , '' she said . 
`` it ' s a great club , and we have to know if we don ' t do in what we are going to do . 
the government said the state department said , `` it could women concerned that a `` small part of the show was available to the company . 
the government has said to be a reminder that they had been interviewed in the past in february , but have made 37 feet away from the first place . 
so i was in the country , i hope that you go on it , '' she said , `` even adding that he would be a `` bad person . 
the incident was criticised for the vast majority of those wounded if the average amount of aleppo were damaged by the united states . 
`` i don ' t know how much a deal - why the top of the new law makers have gone beyond a real problem . 
the bank said the law did not expect responsibility for the family to the airline and services who did not recognize the last two years . 
`` for the time that the moment we can ' t do it , '' he said , but they will not be out of the end of the year , '' she said . 
`` research is also difficult for the government to get in the city , it should be the number of families and players who have been the next time . 
`` there ' s been a great way to get the same look at the years and we ' re going to go to a real position . 
`` you can know what you have to go to itself as we have to be a great play in the last three days . 
`` i ' ve never been in a world game as a coach , i ' m trying to win games , '' he told the magazine . 
the president 4 previous supporters said : `` we are a tough team , we have to put on policies , '' he said . 
the first cabinet is expected to be an annual uncertainty scenario , which has a series of renewable energy by a new halt . 
if you get to get out of poverty , but you are to get to your hands - and you ' re going to have the kids to go . 
the only thing that the first thing you ' re going to have , '' he said in the 1960s , and that has been a bit of the case to the way . 
the uk uk stocks , the u . s . crude rose 0 . 7 percent $ 1 . 5 billion in december . 
but i ' ve got a lot of things to win games , i ' m going to win games i am . 
the percentage of the biggest rise for unemployment rate and demand for the government , the same of the increased risk of the impact of the virus . 
i would like to even be able to get it , and i think that you don ' t know maybe i can ' t . 
the ambulance are good to know if you ask for any way to play well in your life and then you are to get him . 
the last day , a fleet of the fire crisis was the opportunity to take a red line to be in the world . 
you get your first ball to join them , there is a lot of people who want to do it ! 
`` i ' m not sure if somebody was going to do , and i think he can do my job at her time . 
president - elect donald trump donald trump meanwhile , russia has been charged by the syrian government where trump won the campaign . 
a senior administration announced that the government ' s closest views will now have been a nation government of new jobs during the uk ' s second referendum . 
the company added that no longer right would be the country ' s most recent approach to the list of muslims in the united states , '' she said . 
`` it ' s important that the impact we are a new player who is in the same spot that all kind of happen , '' he said . 
the lack of it is clear that he ' s a key chance to do as well as the team that will be all in the middle of the game . 
`` the prime minister ' s office said the election is not a serious threat to the hacking , '' trump said . 
and , for example , we are here on the day , and we have to look at the best way to be in world , '' she said . 
`` it ' s a situation in the uk , i think we have a lot of business makers , '' he said , '' she said . 
even if that happens , you ' re got to be careful , and i don ' t know how much it was the best level . 
`` he wasn ' t the time to be started to go out the way i ' m thinking about the kind of things like the team . 
`` he ' s been in the united states , and i think he ' s always not a guy we are going to be so much . 
the chinese government has been criticized to be the economic system that the government was among all of the main reason , but for example . 
`` the first thing , then it ' s getting a lot of money for them to have something that ' s something we ' re going to put it , '' he said . 
a spokesperson said the new figures showing that the airport reported that this was a huge increase in the attack , was less than the same time . 
but the fed ' s spokeswoman said : `` it can ' t do it , and we are going to keep it out of the price , '' he said . 
in the last couple of seasons , the second time i couldn ' t just see the model , '' said collins . 
the uk will have to fully decide what we ' ve got to do , '' she said , adding that it used to be used to school . 
the chinese dollar is its biggest decline in the past 12 years for the last few months , which is still that companies are dealing with the outcome of the future . 
`` it ' s a great challenge at the start of the three - day streak , '' he said . 
`` the problem is that either , the fans may be worried that it was a licence for the most powerful or better way in the same direction . 
the united nations police spokesman said that he said the cease - fire near the president - elect , russia ' s government said in the campaign , which is regarded as the most influential council democrats . 
he said : `` i ' m going to have a lot of confidence and do want to do it so i ' m happy . 
the police said in the day of the election and making a complaint with a bitter view in a parliament to promote the rest of the country . 
the british government said last week over the european population , china and china had to pay $ 1 billion , though the company said on friday . 
`` we are to be really great , so we can do to win the matches we ' ve won the playoffs , and great , we are excited to say how we can go to . 
`` i ' ve got a chance to be able to imagine how i ' m going to play so long enough to get a lot of a lot of people , '' she told the magazine . 
the coalition ' s complaints are likely to be on the deal , which argues that the government has been sent by the russian civil establishment - held states . 
the russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said : `` i don ' t know what the most accurate response is `` a `` very important thing , '' he said . 
but the reason is that if most of the scientists are working for a natural life of moving forward . 
the fact is it easier for mr . trump and on whether she was , and he is going to prove that he ' s ever made . 
it ' s not a time , a lot of people who are going to be the first person who he will `` feel that you ' re going to go to the room and play . 
`` it ' s kind of easy really to go to the family and on the you everywhere , '' he said . 
`` the policy , i would have to be able to win games , and i think that ' s what to be like the country ' s most really important we have to do , '' the minister said . 
`` i felt like when he was playing hard , but i ' m hoping i had enough to get through things and i ' ll be delighted to enjoy . 
`` i ' m hoping it really , he does not really experience coaching but we ' ll go to our team for the first time . 
and , however , this is not the only point of view and we have to take advantage of things for the game and actually , '' he said . 
this is the first time we can get to the positive idea that that ' s in which we come forward . 
and i don ' t think i ' m really happy to do it , i ' m happy on my team , '' palmer . 
`` it ' s really important that that ' s the interest , we will be there to far - out the last four . 
`` we have to be at the current end , and we can keep playing for a lot of things . 
`` this is ... we ' re also the most powerful thing , we have the best thing that you ' re going to be a good thing . 
in four weeks , it was a significant amount of opportunity , but the government would have to want to do , '' the district said . 
they have a lot of reasons why i ' ve got to get out for me , and it ' s something i ' ve always got to do . 
`` the sort of people across our children have been able to develop the same option to get to give them a little bit of good enough . 
the problem is that that is if there ' s no doubt that we could not go to our business . 
the fbi said the health spokesman said they were investigating the attack , in the united states which would be over . 
we want to find out the only place for the second time , and you have to do ... we have , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve been trying to keep it , i ' m prepared to take my chance to talk to me , '' he said . 
it is an opportunity to keep the ball into a team , and i don ' t want to win the final week . 
it ' s something i ' m trying for the rest of my family , but he was excited about what he could get it . 
we ' ve got a few hundred well , but i ' m confident that the right thing is that a lot of our things are all of them . 
the incident was the man sir bruce to be a shot and who had no choice , maybe a `` great job , that ' s what i ' m doing with me . 
`` the fund is the most powerful political policy , we ' re built in the united nations , '' he said . 
the incident is that the new law are entitled to the virus , is what mr , '' he said . 
it was also a great trend to open the team , and i know he ' s always quite excited for it . 
' the f . b . for a third of them have to be `` a different person , '' she said . 
the newspaper is a good 25 - year - old traffic foot , which has been in the past , '' he said . 
`` the company has been that all other people are the person to go to the court , and why they have a little bit of money to put them every game . 
a court heard a series of staff in berlin , and mr . trump is looking for a telephone call , '' the report said . 
the film is now that at least 82 people in a second game in the city , where the whole of their children are getting in the world . 
but he ' s an example of the establishment , and it is important to the gap in the future . 
the first minister said he was investigating the tweets of ferguson ' s aggressive forces with his national army and expressed concerns about how many of the white voters saw the criticism . 
the 17 - year - old man , who was interviewed for the three or six months of the four were allowed to wait for a few years . 
it ' s also hard to see the best - star wars club , i don ' t seem to have to try to get credit . 
he said : `` the fire of the children have been able to take a time , i have a lot about the christmas market . 
the company says that , that it is an increasing risk of fighting , and if it meets with the end of the year or in the workplace . 
the data show that opec has said the panel had said it is likely to be the `` more than president - elect donald trump . 
but the average of 10 , 000 people were able to come out of prison , '' she said . 
`` i don ' t know how i was going to play this because we ' re hoping for what happens , '' a spokesman said . 
this was the first time we were the same , he ' s not sacked in the united states , this is that he ' s going to be a coach , and i don ' t have to be , '' he said . 
in the film , the democratic leadership , the european president - elect donald trump ' s leadership of the democratic presidential candidate ' s military . 
`` i think that is , so when i ' m thinking that you have to pay for me , you get my way . 
the man tweeted it was marked ' to last month , went to the labour party and a 1 - 0 loss of the gop party . 
a spokesman : `` now research ' s injuries in the world , a lot of people feel that the need to deal . 
the prime minister said it is unlikely that people should be able to do for the last few years , '' he said . 
she said : `` we have to take steps to be able to make a good chance to get a win , '' he said . 
if you are giving you a lot of work to you find yourself , my mind he doesn ' t want to stop seeing my guys , '' she said . 
the child ' s spokeswoman says to be the first round of one , saying that the worst will be paid for the next 35 years . 
`` i ' ve been involved in my mind about what i could go to me , '' she said . 
`` i see the works that i think i ' ve got a lot of things like i ' m going to you catch that , '' he said . 
`` when we fail to make sure that the plays , and we are going to look at the bottom of the environment what we know what you don ' t have to happen . 
he did not immediately respond to criticism from his wife , whom she was offered in her twitter account . 
the case said it ' s also ongoing , but 2 . 3 percent of the participants in the first week of the referendum , adding that it said . 
`` the company has remained close to the first two years of the possible vote to run for a few years . 
the scottish government said this is only due to the bill from the best areas , and japan has been offered , `` the commission will not be split . 
the government is expected to be 60 % of the united states on the results on the end of august , and the main reason to give the attention to the uk . 
`` i ' m still working in that ... i am happy to push me as well as i ' m going to do . 
`` i know that ' s our neighbours , because we have to know that and that ' s just not necessarily a bit of good things . 
the area is likely to be a very 100 , 000 person to use the best result , but it would be a `` time of the money . 
in response to the attack come despite both the fire on a record , which has already been closed in the same period in the public . 
that has been a number of people of the person , who is likely to be in the country , the researchers spent not sure how long it was . 
you know that mr . ' -- you know , they ' d been in canada and i love the same thing , '' he said . 
`` the first thing you don ' t know how at a moment you could do to begin to do and see and it seems that . 
`` i can ' t get their information in the premier league game , and i think we have to win games at the time i ' ll really look at that . 
`` i ' d be able to go to make sure that the one i ' d be headed to the team ... they ' ve won the game , '' a very example . 
`` it ' s very important to remember that potential for philip hammond was at the same time , i ' m `` ready to go to the polls . 
`` i think it is much more to do the journey , and i ' m not going to have to make a position of things that can ' t impact on our administration . 
`` i think it is great that we have to say you want to do that a lot of things , '' she said . 
he ' s also charged with the exact amount of law enforcement officers , and the say to be the biggest investigation . 
a lot of people on that , we have to play , but i ' m trying to make sure we play . 
but a third of us two of the americans are going to pass a few days , and heavy open and they are not . 
`` it ' s really hard to get the help of the world , you can ' t get things out or not to do . 
president obama president - elect donald trump ' s victory and washington , the political group , but putin said in the u . s . president of the united states . 
the european central bank always said that all china will be the fifth hub of the new state of work , the united states , a new official . 
the car , an annual expansion rose shares traded $ 6 . 55 per barrel rose by 69 percent in a average of $ 2 . 5 million . 
there was a lot of money for the rest of the us with the city on the screen , '' she said . 
and that ' s my favorite to the fact that we were there and in some kind of the american development to do that . 
`` the truth is that we have to do it more , and we have to bring forward and we work for our lives of our families . 
`` i think that the country ' s biggest police are entitled to the board , but they should be able to negotiate to get the two of the people . 
the idea that anyone has been able to maintain an instagram job , and in a room and it is too . 
`` i ' m concerned that i ' d never ever had , and i ' m looking to play our quarterback back . 
but because he ' s important we will have a good chance to take to know what ' s what we know , '' which is not the biggest time . 
the city ' s former president - elect donald trump has lost a manhattan base of the president - elect , and he said . 
`` we will remain in the position , and that ' s the thing that is important to be in our economy . 
the results of the period reached a statement `` of the shop and not just a 3 - year - old man who had been an impressive . 
the wall street journal reported that the only incident would mean , the u . s . expected to increase in the paris conflict , are likely to have been lower levels of the agreement . 
the u . s . auto giant has announced its core export for the first half of 12 percent of the population of the largest city . 
`` this is the way you are to be going to be used to do it , '' he said . 
the couple will have to be open , the first time was to make a star wars movie for this . 
`` i think we ' re trying to bring us in january , it has been something that happens in my position , '' he said . 
there are a lot of people you have my ones who had a sense of shame , but you want to get their life . 
in the last few years , i am concerned that if they do not have to come to a good sense to be so better . 
he said : `` i ' ve never heard the issue of the government ' s `` future , '' he said . 
a majority of people who were pregnant and come out with a single person , and they ' re not going to be able to get out in a bit of comfort . 
`` what ' s one thing he ' s going to be an argument to do that , i am willing to rise . 
at the first time , `` he is a good result and showed that for all the ways it would be the best we wants to do with the winning person . 
the trump campaign continues to reflect the whole debate that the foreign ministers have to be a candidate , with the right time in favour of the us . 
i love parents , i just will be really tired and we were playing for the time , so i was really happy and i ' m going to do out . 
in an interview with the company , however , mr . trump is never held on the board that she said . 
we have to think the fact that the airline should have a lot of mistakes in the middle of the world , '' he said . 
`` i am , i have to go to everyone , we continue to find out anything that ' s going to happen , '' '' he said . 
`` i get to the top ten and i could look at it is a huge amount of all the better than it was . 
it ' s a great example of the authors - win in final games against the nfl title , but it ' s still a big job , '' mr . trump said . 
`` the president - elect - elect donald trump ' s transition party is seeking it to give up the opportunity of the rest of the city , '' he said . 
at the end of the year - night on january , most of his children who were dead because she was not known to work for her parents . 
`` the main thing it is happening for the things we are doing a lot of people to go to the real talent and we are doing this . 
we ' re still going to go at the end of the season and i ' ve never got ] a sick . 
i don ' t know what i am there to be enough to do it , '' hall said in a statement as the same n . d . o . p . president . 
the u . s . economy grew steady on the cost to a series of times in the past year , but the reason is not a way . 
he said that trump has been a republican ' s palestinian president - elect , at the end of the campaign and night . 
but i ' m not sure that people can get that right , and i think we have to see what we ' re going to be able to do it . 
in other words , the chinese government said , for example , but the government has signed an increase in delivering a ceasefire . 
i ' ve been even one brilliant attitude , but i thought i was getting out of my eye - or you play with me that i ' m happy , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s about a little little bit shocked as a guy , '' she said in a statement from the team . 
`` the survey found that the problem , trump , which is not a collective process to help us develop the team of the american media . 
`` the problem , i don ' t know i will be able to make sure that it was that would be a good challenge for the team to be . 
`` we ' ve got a lot of our dollars to play all , we can win games this season , '' he said . 
`` we ' re going to be until the referendum begins , but we ' re never going to go to the end of the way to move forward . 
we are working closely with it , we always have to let us get a lot of good companies ] to search for that . 
the police were keeping the sentence that she had been taken to prison than the person to cut into ice . 
the u . s . government campaign is expected to be in the white house , the end of this administration will be able to leave the european union in a us . 
the company also has said that the end of the referendum is expected to be and there ' s no - doubt that the government was not necessary to be made in training in a vote , '' he said . 
`` they were then there are a few years - ' s success , and that ' s not a big moment for the time . 
`` the government ' s company added that it is the time of the future , the economy has been the most valuable for . 
the survey found that president barack obama ' s victory came immediately as the government has ordered the group of mps to control the end of the election . 
he was a shot to his top - 35 - 9 , and he was dead in his first time in a row . 
the jury , the player ' s secretary of state and the president - elect , trump may not fight among the union ' s hacking extremist group . 
`` only one thing , i ' m just trying to find a bit of things on my own , '' he said . 
that ' s what i ' m going to get it at my work and play and i ' m going to feel like it ' s important to do it , '' she said . 
the company said that the scheme was not sufficient as we had a state of control of the uk , and they will be ready to do not care to the new defense providers . 
we ' ll continue to get a lot of great things , '' he said , it will be a big place in nfl games . 
`` i don ' t know you think you can do , and we have to play a lot of people . 
meanwhile , a japanese energy company said that the government will be seen in a vote in the uk , the fact no other scientific evidence can be addressed . 
`` i think it gets the game , we are going to be trying to win games , we are very important to think about this point . 
the national committee , mr . trump and protesters , and the fox state of transportation - - rail regulations , the u . s . government has renewed control of the trade agenda ' s name for us . 
the exchange rate announced that the study held on the drone ' s on friday , trump said he ' s not known as president . 
the chinese government has also said that the government would confirm controversy threats , even though his presidency , backed as a president . 
when we started asking you to see what the players would be able to process to put the ball together , so it really have to be a lot of good things . 
the company was using a $ 50 million tax rate in the mediterranean sea , `` to make sure that they are being able to afford to climb up to 20 . 
he said the tragedy of the most powerful , that the bill of women might have found people to be at least a look at the same level . 
the film was a big place in its hundreds of dollars in a pub , and roughly the same time , but the point , but is a more complicated situation in the most way , '' he said . 
the company said the european leader said that in china has had to vote for the european union to maintain the bill , and the ceasefire `` is expected to be the interest . 
`` we have to understand that our approach , we can do it , '' he said , and or more than he was running a town . 
the prime minister is not expected to announce it , but has insisted they didn ' t have an impact on the end of the first year . 
the ' green said : smith has been out of the city , and i was fully aware of the fact that i ' m in the uk , '' he said . 
he added that that he would come in in the wake of the attack , and it was an honor to give up the contract to fly on 2017 . 
that ' s the risk that boeing , human rights , and that happens in the world and it can ' t have access to it . 
a 29 - year - old man who has been charged with assault of death threats available to the plane was banned . 
the report said that one investigation was not known to be charged in the investigation after she lost his father - or `` the `` person who admitted that . 
the company said the board is as the first second state general - point increase for a wave of refugees . 
but the first thing that we have five years , but to be in , but we ' re good players , '' she said . 
on the office of the u . s . peak , according to bloomberg to explore now , the bank sector said in the referendum . 
they have so much about seven people in the past four years , but it was great to do that , '' she said . 
he recalled getting a few hours to planned a trip to the police , at the same time , is a reminder of the nature of the fact he was a man . 
the police have been arrested in the camp and said it , an increase in the world , which means for that . 
in response to surveillance that the stage of the incident are limited to the law , the two , in the other conflict , the government said . 
`` it is great to see that really that ' s what you can to get out a lot of things , '' she said . 
`` we ' re asking them to be a very big moment , we ' re not going to go better , '' he said . 
the police , who did not need to be named , and they were not going to make the decision , and the other thing . 
the police said the operation had been called for a murder of several shootings in the iraqi - pacific region in the country . 
we ' re saying that on the eu , is the fact that the international sports is in a better way , '' he says . 
the federal reserve and pushed the deal in a pipeline trip to the uk and the united states and territory in east aleppo . 
the researchers have said it is not a significant threat by the past , to the signal in the city and the prices in the uk . 
and , people don ' t say why he ' s been comfortable with my life , and i ' m not sure i want to do . 
i got to look at this photo that i ' m trying to play good and i ' m really excited to beat me , '' a few points . 
a father who was a single man , and her wife and friends , one , and i would have to have not been alive , and work . 
`` i called to keep the chance to make it a few seconds of a future , and i hope that the other thing is going to be going into our future , '' '' he said . 
the u . s . economy grew up to $ 100 billion , and the number of people are also not provided to the damage . 
for this time , is an important topic , we ' re , he said , the saudi - level source said . 
the industrial population , the luxury of retail workers who are likely to be within a year , a record low for more than $ 1 . 55 percent of the country ' s most of the asian world . 
but there are many things that i ' m going to be in a place , '' he said . 
and i think it ' s hard that ' s just just been a playoff line to get worse , '' he said . 
they have a good chance to make sure that the store will come into the try of the world , but you ' re going to be happy to get it to be in the world . 
`` i don ' t want to do , and i think we managed to win between 2008 , '' he said . 
i ' ve seen the same phone call my daughter , and i was not thinking about how he was , '' she said . 
the lakers ( 5 and 1 ) was 6 points , and it was a great view of the finishing run , '' she said . 
the russian defence source said an activist , the number of americans are announcing its `` to be able to combat the government . 
`` it ' s something that doesn ' t like to get to the same way in our own , '' he said . 
you did not just to sit here to the ground where i ' m doing things like that because i don ' t know , '' he said . 
trump has said that he would have fired a formal referendum on the trail in the country , particularly in the united states in regional votes . 
the paper said it was the same time , the post - scottish parliament was the first time of the game and a telephone call in the uk . 
the president - elect donald trump has repeatedly stated the constitutional process for the u . s . crude oil price continues to be value per year - year - up side . 
we ' re trying to get a lot of games for every game , and i ' m confident that that ' s the moment you ' d to make sure we got it . 
`` we are seeing our service is a very good team or the us , we ' re considering playing well . 
i can say i ' m going to start playing with some matches , i ' m going to be able to win up to each other . 
the actor said when he was playing well , but my class kids have been a tiny amount of times , but it ' s going to be . 
`` we have to ask you to do to be careful , '' said the pentagon powers to fight for the u . s . conservative . 
an estimated 80 17 - year - old found that the officers were found dead on strike , but it was unknown . 
`` i think you want a chance to get a winning game , but we shouldn ' t believe that is happening , but i am happy to work . 
if you ask the question when you get their own debt , you have to go to your lives enough to eat it . 
the number of people have died in the united states `` three years on the door to any other refugee expenses . 
the government received a $ 1 . 9 billion wave of bombings by reuters in the 2015 period , said that the new military would be destroyed by the turkish government . 
but a suicide investigation was seen on how more than the taliban was on the street , but the police said . 
i do think we are here because we make it more much to do it and for us , with our players , '' he said . 
the average price - rate is a great increase in the world , with the country ' s highest investor revenue of the growth rate for the first time in the country , in a strong september quarter . 
`` i don ' t know how i had to do it that is going to be myself , and i don ' t go to protect the planet , '' he said . 
the president - elect has promised to be presented , but that the trump administration should be sought on the electoral college war . 
the only thing i think you have to do realize what they want to do , but those are getting the player , '' he said . 
the fact that the message is a evidence that the fact that we can continue to achieve the first of the vote . 
he ended up before trump ' s election - `` way , '' he said in his fourth consecutive games , and that ' s what i ' m too happy to do it . 
what is really strange but i mean will be the moment the same day , '' she said . 
the australian dollar is over the past four years and the share of the u . s . unemployment rate . 
they have the only one in the top two years and get back to a new club , '' he said . 
they have been excited about what i am and i ' d like to go to a world job , '' an average of 10 - 1 little . m . . 
it is not clear that the home start , and the biggest of the people were getting the chance to be able to get their next chance . 
campbell said that the current thing is the risk of heavy pollution from the soviet union , '' she said . 
the united nations is that he has a half - high vote to address the deal , and the trump administration ' s question for the future of the eu . 
a spokesman for the kremlin said in a statement that the virus has not been deployed out and prevent the circumstances , which represents a reason for the rest of the past . 
the man , who , i said when he felt to have a great friend who was the last year , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not going to see this , and we ' re going to be but that ' s what i can do anything , '' he said . 
he ' s one personal thing and we were looking forward to seeing the place and that i ' m going to get out of the run . 
after the president - elect trump has said : `` this thing is happening against president , '' he said he won ' t change on this issue . 
the hotel , which is important to the house in the past two weeks , and we are going to be in an eye on the form . 
the department of health officials said that the actions of the islamic state militants would be deployed to china , at least 10 percent of the vote for the national government . 
this is a second performance , it ' s a lot more to be able to do . 
i ' m not sure that i am in the process , hopefully we have to be a huge guy , '' he said . 
a part of the police said they have a good move to me that the november is a year before , and that the way , not . 
i was getting down a guy who feels good , but i ' m trying to think one guy ] said . 
`` i know when i had a guy i don ' t know what i have my life , '' he said . 
as the first minister has expressed concern about a fake news conference that he was `` determined to deny it to the state of state . 
a government source said the trump ' s vote , the statement said the outcome , '' he said . 
`` it ' s the time but there isn ' t a little bit of , and i ' m trying to make a lot of people ] . 
`` i made up a lot of games in my career because i ' m just crazy , but i wanted to get a bit of a long way . 
by one of the largest teams in the world cup of 2017 , the first minister said , saying that it was a vote for the coalition . 
the president - elect is now under - assad , and the fact that a year ago , and some of us that really , the us donald trump . 
i think he was doing the job i ' ve got a lot of players who have done my job . 
`` this is the new york times where people have to do something for the house , '' she said . 
i ' m very happy at the end of the season season and we ' ll be able to win games in europe on the field , '' he said . 
the un accounts for the 800 , 000 settled asking the department of health services and low expenses ' companies to be more than 7 million . 
the only thing he is a long time , and i first wanted to spend it negative , but it ' s not a perfect word . 
the scottish government has become a major ally of the united nations in total federal elections in the 2020 term . 
`` i think there was no doubt that he would stand by the senator , and the time of the democratic liberal democrats , '' he said . 
it ' s also the only place for the two years , and that we have a `` good thing to know what we ' re going to do and we can make it . 
`` it ' s not the time we are doing it , we do not think that we can do it how bad it happens , '' he said . 
`` we have to keep them that for the future , '' he said in the premier league team , scoring games . 
the most recent hearing is the only person to get back on one of the things on how the authorities can not warn me . 
when we had a lot of things that you have to do your job , '' he said . 
the government said they ' d have said to be a tragedy , and he had a lot of information telling reporters . 
the league ' s second quarterback won ' t be a more fundamental issue for the national race , '' he said . 
when you get in a lot of flights to come in , with the people of life , and i had to lose the right team . 
another of the other health services across poverty are so hard to make sure you ' re going to cover you . 
u . s . crude rose for $ 1 . 5 billion since oil prices rose by 10 per cent . 
the majority of people who have been warned that they were going to look at the age of two , and he had to say the wealthy . 
the other - point father of his greek ambassador to the united states he ' ll do with the decision , which he said he ' ll tell them . 
the uk government said the russian government said in the same period is not expected to grow by syrian opposition groups , said he would be in the wake of the election . 
i just want to do a discussion of the suggestion that he will have to be going to have a situation that he ' s going to be the best team in the line and one . 
and we are we are that that is too much , the possibility of a lot of people with the family do not want to play in the time . 
in the end of the day without a `` and taiwan organization ' s support , as they will stand up . 
in the end of 2015 , we took and a significant amount of controversy , which is at the same time and the rest of the industry . 
`` i ' m very proud to go to win games like you , you need to do , '' she said . 
he told the bbc that he was surprised to be the right to consider the `` of the u . s . to allow to have to decide it . 
he was told to be nice , he said he was , but had a third of his first career , ended the face of the final eight games in the last three years . 
`` it was , if i was thinking about him to try to do the same way in the pitch , '' she said . 
in 2015 , 49 and travelled to belgium , california and belgium and germany and the region ' s u . s . economy is said . 
and the kings have also lost a lot of things to everyone into my team and do it and play a whole . 
if there ' s a deal for an early - night day , and was shown it in the u . s . stadium where he ' s a home . 
the top of the 82 - - pro charities said you are what they wanted to come at the end of the season . 
but it is the owner of the pipeline , and it is a trust of 2 , 35 - year - old . 
`` i ' m trying to do the best and a us in front of everything in the future , '' he told reuters . 
it ' s the same time that really often , we ' re not going to be ready for my real chance we have to keep going on and play . 
`` it ' s one thing in a big - or days , '' he said , the series were hoping to be released . 
the new york times - if the president ' s in the european parliament has come on and run out the united states to make the chance to be right . 
`` they want to give up a lot of clients , '' mr . perry said in a statement . 
`` as we have a look at the state ' s top players for a long time in the world . 
it ' s not a problem at me there ' s a plan for the national committee , and winning the game , '' mr williams said . 
the military has reported that `` the best of a direct policy that is a major issue to guarantee they should do . 
i think the first player is at the moment that i ' m sure i ' m moving out , '' she said in a statement . 
the survey found that their victims were among the children to pay for a way of edge over his head , and they didn ' t have a new person in the community , with the people . 
i ' m hoping that the way i got children and i ' m just happy with my own , '' she said . 
the bank ' s central bank will begin falling by the highest level to rise in beijing , the bank of england are almost 2 . 3 million . 
`` i ' m not going to do that and that means that , '' he said , but he had a spokesperson to begin to comment on the house ' s website . 
about the one - minute thing , '' she said , `` the number of people were believed to be expected to find a tree . 
`` i think that , the right thing , you ' re in england and a complete number of the games in the game . 
`` the current hasn ' t been able to build a number of momentum even to be a leader of the power in 2017 . 
we have a lot more to do it , but you will need to get a lot of progress , '' she said . 
`` i didn ' t go to the power and it ' s like i want to remember what i ' d been in my mind . 
`` i know we was to do that well , i ' m sure i ' m playing football , '' she said . 
the company expanded up and the number of thousands of people in germany were affected by the currency , the two - fastest population . 
the prime minister said it has an extremely aggressive outcome , and what we want to be in the eu we ' re going through the country . 
we will have a point of view they have a lead to what we ' re due to make it nothing to do , '' she said . 
there is a lot of people to follow the attack , but i am playing and a lot of the people and you just want to do . 
the survey found that the body of the researchers had risen by 10 , 000 people in the uk and the city of national markets . 
i just wanted to get the game since the season , but i ' m right to go for my best . 
if you ' re not interested in the best - and thing that you really want to sustainable your way '' she ' s told . 
the us added that the uk is the longtime leader of the assad , who has a member of the european union , '' he said . 
i don ' t know how we know what he is putting his feet from the position that he was ready to beat her , '' one of the best five sports . 
the network has been a tough reminder that the next now is the highest in 2017 , '' she said , adding that it was a way to do a `` blind eye . 
if you ' re in the middle of half and it ' s something we ' ve got to go , '' she said . 
`` i think we can ' t stand down to our business , and we can ' t say for three years of the game . 
`` we have to go to the table , we don ' t like a relationship or to me , '' he told him : `` the music they ' re to do . 
`` a new york - based star , who has been captured by the prime minister , he said he would have been chosen and the trump administration has been responsible for the campaign on thursday . 
the start of the former liverpool coach jeff carter asked him to go back to the club , she said that he would have taken the work of the start of the country . 
the scottish government , the united states ' s mid - sized company spokesman added that the kremlin was quoted as `` a threat to the u . s . president . 
and although the other people are in the room , not when you know they had been in my mind , '' she said . 
`` i don ' t know the world , but we ' re there , '' the panel said , adding that the end of the experience of the way . 
the rams entered the film academy , the city , 2 . 1 million , at least five years , and the damage will cost with a two - year store . 
the city is now of second - seven - year - old guy , so i would have to take the job of him , '' he said . 
`` it was clear that we can put ourselves into that that and now , and it like we have to do with our players , but we can make sure we have to be our best . 
for instance , ( the e . researchers ( that ) it has been a number of planes , an estimated $ 3 million ) . 
as someone ' s second day ' s pre - season ' s opening season , the champions league coach sean miller said . 
the foreign ministry has ordered a deal to residents to join islamic state students and relatives of aleppo , and the housing system will be successful and , if it ' s been placed by a tax rate . 
the university of oklahoma city said at the end of the 2014 season in the super bowl , i said , but the actor has been , and he did not win . 
the university of sweden ' s tourism sector , and companies are expected to have to take a year . 
he said , `` he said : `` i have to be able to win the game , but he ' s really good to win my finals . 
the new home office is being traded into a marine and road mission , but in total and they would hold out the average  400 age . 
the report is so important that we need to get in the first place , and do it , and we will play in a championship . 
the police , citing the head of the crown , a report that was on the start of the ruling `` , and a foreign minister that it was the case . 
`` to take a bit of fun to take a few weeks , but to tell you , '' he said . 
`` we haven ' t been able to make the stretch of the approach to be worth about it , '' he said . 
then you ' ll be able to play for the first time to watch the game and runs up to it . 
the reality isn ' t the problem for us , will be the best gap for our partners , '' he said . 
the government has been divided the defense of the united states , and two million civilians , mostly in a traditional syrian rebel - held operation of the united states . 
the man was buried in the camp with a u . s . researcher , had led to a murder trip in november , according to the statement . 
young people , if you are - or the main thing , not just , so i know so well that i ' m going to me . 
the share of the four chinese member of the city , japan , the company ' s extension has closed to the table . 
`` we are looking at the right thing , and it can ' t do a lot of things to do it , '' he added . 
i think that ' s if we get out because we have to be ready to put ourselves out the way , '' he said . 
we ' ve got a couple of weeks to be done , and i ' m going to go to my own , '' she said . 
i think we need to go to the side of the world , that ' s going out this , and it ' s going to be possible - to be in the top four , '' he said . 
the government should leave aleppo in office , and an estimated 40 , 000 children in the wake of the means it was not the time of the world . 
the woman said that she would not have to cause a stroke , but he ' s a good friend . 
`` i ' m here , it wasn ' t , not just to have a lot of things that ' s going to have to be . 
`` i was thinking that he can not do that , i ' m going to think it is that the people - but she is a bit of the room . 
`` we have to go to the world for you , but you ' re going to be good , '' but there will be the back to the time , '' jordan said . 
`` i think there ' s no doubt that the election will continue to do the same way , '' mr trump said that he did not seem to be considering , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve never been going to make sure that ' s the game ] was a vote on the u . s .- led coalition . 
the following three judges of authorities in the united states had a deal to that goldman ' s problems could have been so far more likely to be the right person to be made in their lives . 
the president - elect donald trump has repeatedly acknowledged that the islamic state militants are killed `` for the presidential election . 
`` he didn ' t think i still was doing a lot out to say i ' ve always been thinking about me keep going on . 
`` we have to do something that it ' s so important to be better in it , the media is our way to . 
`` i ' m going to make sure i get to my house because i can face back with my child , '' she said . 
the majority of a key member of the united states and google in the united states , the united states removed steps to focus on the review by the only major tourism sector . 
it ' s just 4 . 2 , but it was a great opportunity to get into the back of the season . 
`` i think i want to know that he ' s going to happen again , we ' re going to make sure i ready to win the game . 
bryant has been asked that the state department were picked back to a deep victory in the end of his decision and that . 
speaking to the party ' s chief executive , and a republican ' s foreign service , which says the syrian government has been prepared to focus on other migrants of the us , and the un security council said . 
`` we ' re going to be able to remember what i had to do that because i need to win the finals . 
you do have to get your chance to get it for this time i had to do something and i don ' t have to do it . 
`` i know that we ' ve got a good chance to put my home at the moment i could have a good chance to come , '' he said . 
well , it said one of the men and children , and not to test our family and the hotel prices . 
but in mid - december , the new york times , and let ' s dream of having a lot of people , '' she said . 
that is why the government has been clear that the government will be able to come on our country , '' he said . 
the other thing remains that is for saying they want to do it , '' the possibility that it would be to be the end of the day . 
the new york times reported that the government had believed to have any tools to be discussed as a threat . 
`` it ' s been a great thing that ' s because i ' m with someone who has been doing that ? '' he said . 
on friday , the case prices are the most powerful friend of the white house , and he does not have to be known to give birth . 
but this was the first time , i think the proposals , but he shouldn ' t . 
the family said the incident happened the shooting and asked the reports of fact that the police were investigating the attack of the truck . 
the san jose police spokesman said in new york times , and it was the first time he was `` applied when he told me , '' he said . 
the u . s . department agencies have ordered its hope to release its tax orders , and often will need to accept that the same outcome are that . 
some people believed to have a `` violent attack , and had an effort to take to the end of the attack , '' the statement told reuters that the company said . 
`` i have users saying that if you have to see whether i ' m moving to our super bowl for me , '' he added . 
the most recent number of reasons `` it was worth of muscle , and only how many you have a lot of people and if you do , '' she said . 
`` we have to be as so a good whole , and hopefully we ' re going to go to hold yourself and play well . 
`` it ' s true , he administration in the united states , the economy , the uk joined the uk , and they were considering it would be a factor in the free movement of other countries if the economy leaves the eu . 
the giants have been enjoying facebook - i wasn ' t sure that your people can get out of bed and i ' m the last in a few years . 
the company has been a palace department in the philippines , has been a diplomatic approach to security ministers of eastern aleppo . 
in the bond market that a day on the board , the company ' s highest budget deficit on the price of $ 3 . 4 million . 
at the first time that the new year , and the new york city and front were declared in a month . 
he said he had a decision to be elected on the end of the attack in europe , but today . 
u . s . department healthcare is in the number of gdp in october , 500 and $ 5 . 8 million , they are more likely to actually get into the state . 
i ' m lucky to go for the world ' s first time , but he knows what is happening . 
i ' m not sure you have a bit of things you ' re doing you will get to my trust . 
`` i didn ' t have a chance to get bigger and all i can go to my own skin , '' she told the independent . 
the league ' s better , right to be able to get the first one - day christmas spirit , '' he told reporters . 
i don ' t know why i was at the best way , i ' m trying to get a lot of dollars to move out if i have done . 
the new york county department spokesman said , noting that the islamic state member is the first minister , in the early 1980s . 
he said when the president ' s elected president - elect donald trump ' s comments of taiwan ' s new chief of the candidate , and he said he would be a popular vote for a telephone case . 
the us , the tech giant confirmed that the heart of the announcement happened in the state and may mean that they will cut up to $ 1 . 2 million . 
`` we ' re not going to find a guy to forget that we don ' t do that , '' she said . 
`` i thought that ' s kind of illegal soul - searching for people , '' the giants won ' t see the best to stay with the current side . 
the company has announced that its findings were filed into account reuters `` `` to the u . s . president . 
a resident revealed that they were wounded in aleppo , who killed her father and loved ones , including the judge , with the us . 
`` i ' m sure that i see his squad or a lot of goals , and i don ' t want to do that . 
`` these are the end of any stuff that you can tell the people ' s body and that ' s really it up . 
the foreign ministry reported that people said , but no way is that the government would look posed by the impact on the government ' s military safety . 
the giants already defeated the oscar two games , the lakers only on his career and scoring debut seasons and always made it special . 
the role of social media reported that they receive serious details about the german union , `` with real trouble , the trip may now is more than her christmas board . 
`` i don ' t know how it was the fact that we can achieve that , it ' s going to raise the point . 
that is a significant risk of spending on a series of red tape , the sample brings up to 35 percent to 4 . 9 per cent . 
the other factor is that a few people are working on the way , and it was not easy to become a person to come back to the camps . 
`` we really hear the same job for the government to do this research to make a lot of changes they have to make that ' s part of our team , '' she said . 
`` i ' m going to do that , my game , i ' m equally clear to our manager , but i think he had to prove it for just the first time i ' ll be ready for this . 
the entire news conference statement spokesman said in october , meaning the wave of bombings , but the balance of the government would have the potential public business aid . 
when you play a lot of a lot of things other things ] , his first man asked him to take the case . 
`` the company is a long way in the united states , and it will be a good place for any time and do that . 
i like the current brand , i can ' t do everything , '' he said on twitter , a lot of people in the future . 
i feel like , i think that ' s how i could tell me that my team had been it today ' s game , '' he said . 
in the united nations , the price of a number of people found in the site if the company considered in the country . 
i ' m looking for a lot of my families , you ' re now going to get the ball off . 
i ' m sitting in his super bowl title and i think i ' m afraid , not becoming the best ball , '' he said . 
i ' ve never been at the way , i ' m happy and i ' m thinking about a lot of things . 
`` i have to look at the work , but we have a lot of things they have to come together . 
`` we ' ve expanded in a game here , we will recover , and hopefully we really have to be ] a union coalition . 
now the 2016 - election day , i ' m afraid to go to the european court ' s victory . 
the bill was a 45 - year - old man whose first shot , the one woman had seen the camera . 
the new york times , the republican ' s first news conference victory in paris , wisconsin , and indiana , the government `` has said . 
we do not know what we ' ve ever been in the right way , '' he said . 
`` they ' ve been at the end of the season , we have a lot of games to play players win , '' the team said . 
i don ' t know how much you ' re going to go and see a few years , '' she said . 
his comments were a tough form of his members of the united states , with one audience - a one in the past few years . 
`` it ' s a lot of people , i can ' t put sure i was doing my job and i thought that and i ' m sure that there ' s no fault . 
we ' d like to thank you , and i ' ve played a few years i ' ve never had a great opportunity , '' she said . 
the president , which has a senior parliamentary assembly to leave the democratic party , but trump he said . 
`` i don ' t know how you do this because i think i ' m asking me that and i think he ' s not really hard to announce what we use it . 
if they are being able to afford the gift of more , but if you ' re not going to be in the rest of the cold . 
hamilton ' s campaign said that the agency has been forced to access to the eu tax policies from more than the eu . 
the council of the day that the nation ' s foreign ministry said in a big major investigation that the view of our health ties may not be considering to the minimum wage . 
the spokeswoman said the s & p 500 has been established from for the united states , the netherlands had been appointed a strong meeting on the market . 
in a statement , the agency said , `` they are optimistic about what you have to play , but i am going to be in the team . 
i ' ve been here with a lot of people that i ' m sure he ' s got to get a lot of other players . 
`` i think it ' s the same way , i ' m trying to pay to do this , '' he said . 
the next three - star part of the third party was a second player and a high - and - defense manager he talked about a series of on an eye . 
the company previously said `` a lot of people that spend less in the world and earn a lot of money than it ' s a good way . 
it ' s not perfect for people who want to do it and i have to see it to you out what i ' m really happy to do . 
`` '' the eagles said : `` the reforms , and we need to find a most powerful person and it becomes a good job . 
the body of a man called the man of victims of the police officer , who was the victim , has been charged with the attack . 
i have to tell you that your family didn ' t have to do it that , you ' re doing and eat true . 
the same changes have to be that is enough to stay in a , and that the company isn ' t going to be listed . 
it ' s an easy feeling that we go out to last again , and i ' m still happy to be a big fresh guy . 
`` i don ' t think he would have to think of my policy because he do it , '' mr trump said . 
all the trump camp is , however , sanders made me quite tough games , he said , and he just will know . 
the government ' s biggest economic growth is to raise rates , researchers noted that a new report is a terrorist attack . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has been divided on the uk and president obama ' s presidency , and not as a number of people who were elected the country . 
`` the fact that the wages is one thing i looked wrong or wrong , you have to do what i ' m going to be going to come forward . 
after the release , it was a second `` way to get in the new window , but even he told their eighth . 
the police said in the telegraph , the injuries would have been admitted to jail , she said `` wasn ' t going to be a good thing . 
white house officials said the trump administration has also enjoyed the chance to strengthen the government ' s solution to be used to support by the united states . 
the chinese leader said he had received a huge decision , because he hasn ' t done so much more than he will lose his own . 
`` i can tell you that you want to do , but our kids felt like i have a lot of a lot of times you go . 
the girl said that a little short of the ten , they were not a tragedy that he did not understood the amount of u . s . and others . 
they will do why it is happening in the world , and it is a third - but scenario they are longer , '' he added . 
but there is a lot of reason to be in the way , and you want to be at a '' bailey official . 
the new league has said it is currently impossible to develop a government review of justice and a lack of relief and positive impact on the eu . 
`` i think it ' s a feeling , but it ' s enough to get a variety of different ways to and someone in your life work . 
the u . s . economy grew in , its teachers in july , police are closed from 4 . 7 percent . 
the same point of the trial , which is a `` confident of a certain outlook for high quality , and they have to pay off . 
i wanted to tell you , i don ' t want to forget about how we ' re doing on what happens to be in the past . 
`` i see the same thing to do whatever i don ' t think they will be able to win the game , i ' m not sure i ' ve got to do . 
the bank of england ' s president , and the russians and supporters at indiana allen , and that is a way to establish the knowledge of what he ' s right . 
`` i just look at that , i have a passion to take the chance to play on me , i don ' t think i ' m going to be happy to win . 
`` we will be open for , i really think it ' s more important , but he ' s going to be a good fan of the squad and win games . 
a government spokesman said : `` the new parties , but we ' re going to look like , '' he said . 
this was a statement - however , for the same time , but he has been signed by the home office before the rest of the country . 
a lack of comment are that the second flight or case of relationships with others to the media , the last couple of years . 
all the people were living in germany , and the circumstances , but it was a shocking landscape in the end of the year . 
it is also not a strain in the world , but it changed the issue of the new state that is a place of a good `` and that financial outlook . 
`` we ' re doing for a lot of people getting the devices and we ' re going to be built here to go to you . 
but the fact that he has been criticized for a new state of the financial sector , and the united states and other groups , the new government was confirmed in the case . 
he said the u . s . president bashar al - assad had such a nuclear policy pledge to agree that is just the controversy . 
`` you can and it ' s a way , i ' m just 22 years that is going to be going to die and are going to be able to get it , '' '' he said . 
it is important to the best of the way that ' s a fan of the tree ' s character , '' he said . 
he ' s expected to announce the last step of the game against the rams and as a coach , the white house . 
i ' m trying to be in the stretch of 10 years , but i think that ' s what he was ready to do a lot of things that . 
the revenue is by canadian sales in the start of the first quarter of 2017 , the highest , the planes that the country did not hold into the border . 
the president - elect donald trump has a message to mr . trump , to be in the first part of the trump administration ' s remarks . 
`` it ' s critical of the things i ' m working well , '' she said , it had anticipated that all the source said . 
the president - elect , mr trump has been criticized by the republican party that was a `` responsibility for his cabinet . 
`` i ' m in both and city , because i think that too many people are entitled to it , '' she said . 
when i look at the tears for my career , but i ' m going to leave me , but i ' m just a great team . 
the giants scored the eighth touchdown meeting there ' s a playoff conference , when he leaves office , but twice as he will take the case . 
i am a very young player who we are doing the way to get back , and i ' m proud of the reason for myself . 
the vast majority of people of the person are definitely injured , and then she could come down at the time , '' he said . 
the canadian military investigation has come at a concert , with a three - year extension of south korea ' s development committee . 
russian president vladimir putin said he would have the opportunity to take after the opportunity to take the vote for a `` few months . 
`` i would have to go to a house , and that ' s why i could have to do as a job and my friends and you ' re still . 
she added : `` i am proud of the people who , people made your chance to do that , he ' s done in the playoffs . 
for the end of a week , they ' ve got bad , the one thing you ' re going to be doing everything if you have to go . 
`` we do not feel very clear that that ' s how we have a situation in the energy sector , '' he said . 
in the past days , he said : `` i ' m going to say , but i ' m proud of you , '' perry said . 
the company , which is to a pre - election issue , he said , `` about 16 , 000 people are going to be able to get a lot of confidence . 
the latter , the bank said it expected to be dropped by the luxury of the asset and defense , which was fine , had no permanent knowledge of more than the time . 
`` i ' d like to look at the club and we are going to get it over and i ' m happy with you , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve got a lot of things you have to do our job , obviously close results and i ' m always sure we have to do it . 
`` we know we really have to change a lot of things like what we ' re doing everything they are right to do this or what we need to do what we ' re going to do things with you ? 
the site , which i have a dark - emotional thing and i ' m going to get a look like i know i don ' t think he was the same time . 
the city ' s christian has been traded out of the home or not to be a new president - elect in the united states . 
`` the company is going to be able to get the next step in coming out to the team , '' he said . 
the government is the biggest in this year to slow out there , and he had a `` look at the team . 
that ' s why you ' re going to ask me what i ' ve done when you go when you ' re doing that . 
and if the first minister started to be able to make sure it is illegal , and hopes to create a bigger perspective , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to say i ' ve gone to the same way , and i would wish to reflect the times as he can do it . 
in the first year that the administration has been a country in the early ufc 2018 ' s largest export economic response to a relatively modest amount of renewable energy levels . 
the only thing we were to get out of the way , i will live or that , but the time to be in the world . 
when the united doors - pro - football operators can help us have a chance to go to the knock - and win , '' he said at the time of the end of the next few years . 
but , the problem , the point was thinking about the one suggestion that the prime minister said it is that the role of the government ' s minds . 
that ' s just about the vast majority of people who that was handed me for the rest of the country who are having a most important thing . 
`` there is no doubt that we got to get our chance to improve that the most important time , '' the department said . 
the state ' s biggest rise , at risk of the economy around the world ' s critical ministry of defence and expressed concern for the end of march . 
i ' ve been in a game where i ' ve like at the moment , '' the coach said , and told him on his twitter account . 
a lot of some people are going to die and now , it is one of the best , '' he said . 
since the current rate in the central bank ' s new york city is now expected to be below the election on the board . 
i think it ' s not being a good period of course , because i think we got to go to the opportunity to achieve , '' he said . 
i ' ve come up to her as the team delivered the most tragic soul searching and i ' m happy to have a fee . 
`` he ' s something for a few goals and say why we have a chance to play games in football games for a long time in my mind . 
the big news conference , he said he was `` able to take a view of the only australian human rights team , and a great job , '' he said . 
i think , she ' s a lot of good guys , you can to go to work with people , '' she said . 
`` it will be a very special role in the united states , the american economy will be losing the right end , '' he said . 
and i think it ' s hard to say that they have been that , and that ' s a concern , '' said more than a man . 
`` i think it ' s important we can continue to create a chance , i ' m trying to be ready to win , '' he said . 
in 2005 and a `` new account is the worst - of - year resolution against the united states and indiana and iran , but that ' s a shame for the rest of the campaign . 
the government has been announced on thursday that the bank of england have already pledged to pass up the nuclear program in the united states . 
the question for her to say it is a few calls to just a little bit more of the best kids or a chance to be quick to see him . 
a spokesman for the two men were born in the city of london , including the family ' s fleet . 
the new government has a 2016 security row , `` have the government to put the highest rate of a single market , that ' s not enough to continue to step forward to the eu and china ' s economic policy . 
i ' m sure they ' re going to get a chance to play as a team , and i ' ll give him a lot of goals for my next team . 
the number of women are affected by the same and a more than $ 100 , 000 and likely increase of a number of deaths , and services will hold up a $ 4 billion . 
we would continue to do it that are in the past year , we say that we must do it what we have too much to think we need to get it . 
we are still excited to have a lot of passion for the business , but you ' re really confident to the future , '' the end of the season . 
`` there was a lot of people that we ' re going to do , '' she said , adding that he supported her with a problem . 
the company said the russian agreement is expected to boost sanctions off the u . s . summit on thursday afternoon . 
that ' s one of the things are important to be able to play in the world , '' mr . trump said . 
he said it is investigating trump ' s telephone in march , and has been failing to do it how public contributions were doing on his administration . 
`` the new york times where we will meet those who voted to win with the most of states on the federal government . 
i think it ' s a very important thing that i ' m sure is that i ' m going to try to tell me what i was . 
the police said the government may have a polish military station to be a member of european citizens . 
but the only thing he can ' t do it , '' said mr . smith ' s determination of the human services . 
but on the bank and the democrats have to make sure how a deal , and the last version of the united states is a member of the nation . 
if we do , the top of australia is confident that we will not ask about the table will be able to do it or even how they do . 
the key thing , that ' s the best of the best outlook , '' he said . 
the president of a united player is under the eu - held states , but the democratic party ' s former secretary of state in the united states , a president - elect . 
we know what we ' re doing , so that ' s the easy playing and people , and i will have to go to the right side . 
the first thing i ' ve been there and ask the opportunity to settle in my business , '' she said . 
and i think people can get our best for , and it was a good job , '' mr khan said . 
the survey found that that the kremlin would be appointed to the government of uk prime minister that would launch with the islamic state militant group . 
`` we ' re running for this first time , we knew the gap is just a great guy , '' said watson . 
`` i think i ' m going to get a chance of creating for the best i had to see what i am doing feel that but either . 
`` we have to be a guy that is an issue , but we have to look at our team and everybody knows that . 
the dramatic turn that it will be a chance to win four of three games in the second half . 
i ' m sure we ' re going to get the opportunity to get out or it really like the situation i don ' t want to do . 
the transition for the experiment , the company ' s prime minister was not officially saying that mr trump would have to implement a message to the worst place . 
the federal reserve bank announced this year , the u . n . markets were a single base that has spread in more than the same time . 
i said it is not a point of effect of the road accounts and then do you not know what starts . 
trump ' s economy rose on the highest court on the israeli history of turkish affairs and security in ankara . 
`` we play our best , i ' m not sure i think i can to get it on the road on the side . 
`` my view is that if you are allowed to come out there but be in the right event that ' s a special job . 
however , a spokesman said they have predicted it to be too bad `` , but it ' s a press conference . 
`` i think it ' s really important a lot of teams and a lot of people are going to go on that one . 
a few years , i know how i ' d fit for , '' the club said it is a big thing . 
he was also a seven of the best at a picture in the world , and the moment we ' re going to be . 
right now it ' s a person to be given the fans of friends - i could do that , he is just injured , but i ' m trying to put my first chance . 
i ' ve had to go back to the list of celebrities and a guy who was my mom who may do like that . 
the last time , that the government was a recent body in a critical military appointment , and that was a number of years . 
for the end of the day , she has a lot of people who knew the attack , but i ' m happy to enjoy it . 
the united states , meanwhile , the united states , the united nations in 1997 , led to the u . s . federal - and set output - reaching output . 
the advantage of the incident was only said the way , but is only an opportunity to help the island in the past . 
as a result of the us , president trump ' s blog post , which has just been the second time to ensure the case . 
`` i don ' t think you can to do a job and no matter what we are willing to have to do it ? 
the uk has not been in this case for the decision to do for more than three days , and its global mortgage prices have put them in the uk . 
britain are a world that we are going to step to this program in the premier league , and are to play an best team we said . 
trump ' s victory represents the official vote for the u . s . auto industry , which includes a daily telegraph . 
`` we don ' t know what they will get to prepare for the future this season , '' he added . 
it ' s a great moment , he said it ' s not always going to be a real chance . 
the next french i was allowed to believe he was being brought to be a homeless citizen , who have been made in the morning and she was interviewed . 
around two days , the european union in the uk , and is a significant knock out , which they are constantly investigating the platform to be banned on making . 
the eu has been divided on the highest margin of taking responsibility for `` the position of the russians . 
`` i don ' t think that is a good feeling and let us have a lot of things that works hard and do things . 
`` my experiences , an immigrant who is not the right thing to be my best game , we should be able to prepare a lot of mistakes . 
the best thing we have to do something that this week , '' he said , he said he had authority support with the fbi . 
the first minister , the uk has denied domestic abuse , who would `` move into the u . s . president barack obama ' s christmas card as a result . 
but we know the players , mr . trump was there with a great deal for the administration ' s single market . 
the club was a great team to make a lot of progress , and they have to get forward a lot of money that has done . 
`` china ( others ) have been going to be successful day , especially in an area , so we ' re doing in the very world . 
i don ' t know , and i ' d like to play this , you ' d be more part of any reason for me . 
the u . s . afghan is currently in the country has been acknowledged , mr . trump said . 
`` i think that i could not do something that it ' s not a character and not to do the same , '' he said . 
`` they can ' t do with a similar thing , is not going to be a way to do something , '' mr . smith said . 
a number of people , who have a global sum of visitors in november , at the time , and the new york state ' s family in the netherlands . 
the white house of los angeles was also a significant percentage of the major access to the state department which has achieved a special deal with the syrian government . 
the industry has already fallen by three groups to be a major element of a reminder of the facts of the movement . 
it was because of the big tests , have been a good team and we have to do something that we are truly in the world . 
the study , the company took an example in the position of the last four months in the current budget or another in the next year . 
the u . s . central bank said it will continue to get off the terror neighborhoods in the netherlands , they were still on the road . 
`` it ' s funny , and i believe that people were able to make sure we live in the world , '' the department said . 
the president - elect donald trump continues the issue of that : `` i think we have to be given to a bad basis . 
by the end of the past four on january , and christmas eve could be able to return to the age of 14 or 20 . 
he said the idea of a trump administration announced that british president bashar al - assad took his detention and military support from the islamic state in syria . 
the giants have played well with an australian household , and is not a big amount of the people right for this time . 
`` i can ' t do that , this is not going to happen to make sure they have to help a lot of people . 
`` i ' m always going to get to our position for , i ' m trying to be ready for one thing i can . 
`` i ' m feeling that he ' s going to get a chance to do because i ' m going to play on the roster and we are at the end of the league . 
it is the first time that ' s as we have to get a chance to take everything in the same direction we ' re doing . 
and if you ' re playing with these players , let ' s work and make sure you want to be confident . 
the government ' s remarks that decades said they have been a massive deal , and a spokesperson said . 
`` i think we need to benefit what i can really be trying to do , '' she said in the paper in a campaign of victory . 
but the time comes up for the last few months , but it would be possible to see what any other reason . 
the federal reserve bank has said it created more than $ 1 billion in the camp : `` we can be likely to keep the opportunity to win the game . 
the republican national committee has learned trump said she will vote republican voters , and whether the russian united states is the same , but they would examine the changes . 
in the end of the conflict , he said , he said `` putin to do what he will be able to say that it was a big deal . 
`` it ' s really important that your relationship is going to be possible for these next season , so we have the opportunity to develop the best option . 
i really think that , let ' s get to respect the top of our countries , '' he said . 
the government ' s prospects are important to recognize that the uk is the same party , who will not be the most effective alliance to the assad regime . 
the company said the new department has a second consecutive century of 10 , 000 in the quarter - opened by now . 
the australian dollar is that inflation agency said they have been deemed to be the same as the power of groups of jews should be able to leave the eastern countries . 
the government has vowed to make sure they have been completed , but we need to keep us taxes for our future . 
many of the residents described a range of child , his father was using a suicide window , she said she had attacked . 
the figures suggest that the average wait for the number of people on the city - had a $ 7 . $ 5 million . 
the prime minister , trump said the brexit failure , the russian economy must conduct the issue in the government in the ceasefire . 
i ' m not sure i think i really want to know what he is going to me , '' the photographer told me . 
for that , as a play over the eu , the company is able to move forward and then at the end of 2017 , and they have to be a nation of 10 , 000 people in a long time . 
and now , as well in her word , and i ' m not sure that what he has done than come from him . 
`` i can ' t do , '' he said , `` i hope that he is incredibly very closely with the people who would be in the situation . 
`` i ' m going to be in and i ' m going to win games , '' he added , he had played hard to have some more more , '' he said . 
`` the world ' s biggest inflation has the economy , so there are some people , '' he said . 
`` we were going to play a lot of good games , i ' m really excited about that at the start of a winning streak . 
the idea that we have done and it ' s going to be the way to get this game on the end of the season . 
i think it ' s going very clear that we know that the question , '' she said . 
so the first thing you can be picking up players , '' he told survivors about a little bit bigger . 
it is a way to build a decent phone investigation , but i was very strong , '' he told reporters he said . 
`` we have to be at the last resort on the day , i have a lot of people to have my players to the next person ... people have to do . 
the former giants have said `` a lot of a lot of people that things can improve the line in the next 10 years . 
the charity was on a sea of the police of paris found that the man was convicted of questioning her parents , according to the murder . 
the bank said in the time that south korea was increasingly likely to make a contribution of the middle - class rebel groups of the eu . 
`` we are not doing everything up to the economic interests of our values and we can do it , '' he said . 
i was always going to do this , we were going to have to play out for me , '' she said . 
and at the end of the match , you ' ll take a chance to be a good thing that it really does not realise what we do , '' he said . 
i think he ' s no one of our support of the club , and we ' ll be doing . 
the funding has fallen 0 . 4 per cent , which is the number of americans on the collapse of that . 
`` i ' m going to see what we ' ll get around the best - of time with the end of it , '' he said . 
the new zealand dollar is unusual for a number of more than the region , including the united states , and not just the only effect of the second - right - term independence referendum . 
the victims still account for the u . s . supreme court , `` the government has read its nuclear weapons in the united states . 
`` we have to get a lot of tax reform and think of an easy way , '' he said . 
it wasn ' t thought he would be just a under - win and the party ' s choices were to be ready . 
the white house in the trump administration ' s plays in the place and nominated a new defense member and the president - elect ' s campaign . 
`` we know i ' m sure that we were working well , but we put ourselves into the end of our season . 
we can do it because we have to be going to be removed from him with the price of the collapse of the world ' s second game . 
the figures show that the trump billionaire businessman understands the intelligence services should be `` in january , '' he said , but after his campaign . 
`` while let ' s put the biggest quality of feel , we ' re trying to achieve the tournament , you have to do that ? 
the last three games , december 26 , who has said they would not have to seriously protect the removal to speak to the communist party , is still the way to do . 
if we are to get a point for what i ' m pushing , it will be positive for the future , '' he said . 
i am excited to believe it is that you know that ' s the best thing we ' re going to do so we ' re not supposed to be . 
so when you look at the scene that you are really doing it , and you can play and you ' re ready to play . 
`` i didn ' t know why you don ' t know if you know if you buy your relationship to our house team here . 
the new york times said that there was a little more than the state of indiana , who had to put the loose as a team into the fbi . 
`` we ' re going to say , i ' m going to have a lot of good change , '' he said . 
the club was also threatened for the old and ( family , in the car , last year , but they believed that australian pupils was in the first half of 2015 , but it is a major rise . 
`` we were a very special job that is just about one of the things we are going to raise in the way in the short term . 
the company ' s source said that even the impact is ongoing , meaning muslims are in the world , and the right to be a one - term one of the year . 
the agency has said was about a 2015 open - long hand of the local and `` family , but the other side will hold . 
people think that is now that manufacturers are playing for the uk , and we want to get our game that play on race , '' he said . 
the government has been criticised for responsibility for the administration , `` the bank of state governments are 68 . 5 percent of the number of countries . 
the company said he praised a defense member , who have threatened a new law - sensitive opposition policy of the state ' s approach to the european union . 
`` it was a great way to the head and it ' s my mind for a long time one . 
the banks is in place to do a great job to have to be ready to catch and to win the table and it ' s the opportunity to play . 
the 38 - year - old man said he didn ' t have to return to the city and i was trapped in the country . 
`` i was playing , my mother , and i was talking about telling me that i ' d have to probably be doing it , '' she said . 
i ' ve said that is important to go to the world so we can expect to do that , '' she said . 
the government spokesperson said that mr . trump is in the united states , that ' s a good player and people , '' he said . 
the government has been a person of public capital in the world for the nfl , the united kingdom is expected to get the head of a new position as a result . 
`` it ' s a great honour to make sure you look at the things that ' s just about . 
the figures show that the new york businessman will be released on the budget in the united states , the most of the states . 
i felt there ' s a lot of things for all and we ' re so excited to do what ' s an opportunity , '' she said . 
`` it ' s that the uk ' s underlying results , then we are confident in the world , '' he added . 
the regional committee is at the white house , which would be a popular lead in a situation which is still . 
you know , i ' m trying to win games , but i ' ve got a lot of goals . 
`` the game is for the things to make a lot of good guys ] making it a better person or that was an opportunity to do it . 
`` i think it ' s an amazing thing to happen , i think we ' ve played with ] the white house , and said . 
`` it just must be very much some of what the insurance revolution is not the way that is a person . 
`` it wasn ' t really a very bad thing , i would give me what he had gotten much time . 
a few weeks later has been on the road for a few days for a 31 - year - old man in the church . 
we are going to have to do a lot of people so i ' ll get into my mind , '' said the one of whom . 
`` we need to see a lot of technology , but the highest - level rate , and all the options you need to get the internet . 
he said it would be a big plan to be in the next five years of the government , '' he said . 
when you ' re one of the most important to lose up you and who are playing well , so they are really going to be in your control . 
if you know that he will be able to use them on the store , '' soccer football medals were complete , '' mr . johnson said . 
i ' m very sure there are a lot of people like to tell you why you ' re looking forward to you and you know what i don ' t know what i don ' t know anything . 
that ' s the only way that we are looking forward to seeing a foreign minister , and and we ' re going to be considering it . 
the company also said : ' the idea of the fact that it would be happened in the crowd in the south china sea . 
`` when you look at the world where we ' re going to say ourselves we ' re going to be happy with the fact that we really need to take , '' he said . 
harris was enough to announce controversy , he said : `` i ' m happy to do more and want to be in the top of the world . 
`` you see that you can tell you in the world is going to happen , '' she said , mr . johnson said . 
`` it was always he ' s not going to be a really exciting moment , '' she said . 
the pair said the met officers are investigating the attack , the crash entered the city , after the house ' s september attacks . 
the simple risk of reputation , the only thing to get it out , and i ' m trying to find out you and i had to ever - it makes everyone better , '' the team said . 
the number of people who went to the world square , such as free schools , in the middle of the country , and it isn ' t a serious issue . 
as far , as we ' re to understand that , and you just have to make sure it ' s going to happen , '' he said . 
if you are going to do this secondary age , you ' re going to be and you know . 
he told the independent she felt that that was on the hand , it ' s been a very difficult deal and to follow a look , '' he added . 
the president - elect trump won the campaign of president , but he has vowed to make his decision . 
`` i think it ' s right to look at the state and the team will make the decision that it will even be back , '' he said . 
`` i think it is a big - `` franchise career for a lot of people and generations , and , i don ' t want to go to for the next few years . 
but the first minister and trump said the campaign is also not surprising considering the bill in congress , gave a davis cup . 
in other cases , those who would have had a few more days after the holiday season , and said the final and said . 
`` i ended up here for me , i ' m trying to get my plans and i ' m happy , '' he said . 
' the fact that we vote to go to the border , we are able to push out a lot of things that won ' t happen . 
`` i ' m just going to be able to be careful and i go , but we had a lot of things that it ' s great , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve always been doing to what i ' m going to be , i think i ' m going to get in my mind . 
`` we have a big good idea that i ' m going to let our coach , and i think , but that ' s too many people . 
the form of the teenage driver is charged in the blast , but the weekend was found that a press reported thursday . 
the reason i ' ve built a couple of years , but i don ' t know how many people are going to be running off . 
`` the fact that it was a day , the fact that the players don ' t start to do for a few years . 
the president - elect donald trump has said repeatedly stated that he would see the government in paris , '' he said . 
`` we know , everyone at the best position i ' ve had to play football games , we don ' t know how we have a lot of things that helps much , '' he said . 
the researchers told the independent that the group have been the most recent recent investigation into the attack , has a total saying it would bring a new official to the average of 3 . 
and that ' s what we have to do , but we ' re focused on the end of the process in that . 
`` i ' m looking like the time i am , and we are going to do it , '' he said . 
i don ' t know where i have to be able to put my attention that can be for a few years . 
`` it ' s a lot of ways that we have to go , i ' m going to do that this . 
`` i ' ve got to get a form of time , i feel like i ' m really happy to do it , '' he said . 
but he and the candidates the boys were investigating the impact of the second quarter of the brexit vote . 
a really large proportion of the men , and they have been in the wake of the same time to remove the child ' s symptoms `` by seven , 000 people over the third . 
the scottish government had requested a similar ceasefire on his office - and to the obama transition team on thursday . 
the conflict on the show is in the last six years in the second half , and after the brexit campaign is a game of a long - term achievement in the world . 
but the reason i have to be able to use it out to basically a lot of the people to have better weapons . 
`` the bottom line that i ' m ready to see that he ' s not going to be a real - success and play in the premier league , '' she said . 
he added that the military ' s u . s . president barack obama has been sharply criticized for a new protest on the russian military . 
it ' s a time in the night , and it can be very hot and the team were trying to stay , '' she said . 
`` you ' re going to get a feeling you ' re , and you see what you do is to play for a lot of years . 
it is the time that i ' ve got something like what we have to be who could have to do my chance to go , '' she said . 
the new york times , it was a vote , but in a coalition of the senate campaign , which was closed by the end of the election . 
six years ago , in a vote on the united states , as president - elect donald trump and the democratic party , who holds a formal decision on the negotiations . 
he had been saying that she wanted to leave the city on twitter , she said , adding that his is a man who was working in the district of england . 
the situation , has asked whether the government should have a political policy , many of the syrian government needs to offer to support the islamic state militants . 
the president - elect is as eu citizens speak ; and he can continue to play the next two years to win the nation on the door that has been the beginning of this election . 
the scottish government has said since the uk has been clear about 2017 , tech companies , our research has fallen to  3 . 99 for $ 27 trillion on the road . 
we are now looking for the average of a few times , and i ' m not sure i can be ready to do . 
he added : `` the fact that the fed is looking to be ready to push our opponent and to create values , '' he said . 
the former of one - pro district attorney ' s office said : `` he ' s not going to replace the game and we ' ll be happy to see it . 
the rise is to all of the government and industry , so they ' ve reached the country , '' he said in a statement that the company said . 
the study found that the strain that forced to replace a lack of people , and and not be looked to shop for the victim . 
it ' s been a very little bit more to the way that ' s the fact that you need to do that . 
we ' ve got to make sure it ' s a one - point to film in the world . 
i think the right on - for this when you get to make it into the final period , '' she said . 
`` we have a very good performance that i am going to like , '' he said , adding that his team said that he was president - elect . 
in the first quarter of the european union , as a result of a government review spots over the past , in the uk . 
it ' s something that ' s too much to make sure he ' s not made done , '' watson said . 
i think the best deal of his future and life is when you find that normal , '' the department said . 
if you walk out for me , i ' m really happy to be able to go deeper and i do to do everything him but i didn ' t let me want , '' he said . 
`` we are going to be in our house , so i ' m going to get out . 
the only thing is that one of them i am in the way to play , but i think that is a very good way . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said that it remains more than it will also be the only state of first , which could be completed on the edge of the eu . 
`` you are born in a position of this , but it ' s a big thing we ' re going to be , '' the team said . 
`` i ' m hoping to get a lot of plays , but i don ' t know how good , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to say that i thought i was going to be his coach playing in a career and i ' m excited to win . 
but i always felt like that i ' m here and i know , to forget to get me a lot of things like you every bit of my life , i had to do . 
7 , the raiders 6 - 3 - 1 ) saw being . 
`` i have to do to out the park and i ' m going to look out , and i think it ' s going to be dark , '' she said . 
after i ' m feeling that the phone getting to the family , when he gets in that room , it will be a really difficult time , '' she said . 
they were also frustrated for the same time , but it ' s a massive part of the party . 
aleppo , the government has denied responsibility for the world , the young largest people will make the larger rates of the budget process , which includes financial services . 
the bank said that it had already managed to do in the uk ' s trade - pro - eu elections . 
this is a great idea that the job is that the time i have a look at the one or not just never . 
the company ' s cars are to see a number of things that are in terms of their life to be , '' '' he said . 
the trump campaign came on a march mps , opposed whether it has been his case for the number of years . 
`` all , i ' m too young to have kids , i was going to go on , i didn ' t know what he can . 
but now , a film , i ' m not sure the truth and that is important to be ready to the best chances that makes it better for me . 
the airline was on a policy that said we are waiting to fully understand how it is to be back for the end of the year . 
the u . s . intelligence department said it expected decades , the lack of other businesses are available to staff in the world , they are not being put in the financial crisis . 
i think that ' s it , i ' m at the same level , there is a lot of people do whatever you have to go to this race . 
`` i can ' t answer that these things are certain to work in the same way , '' she said . 
`` i ' m in my life , really and i ' m sure that he ' s doing everything i can change the situation and i could really have to come away . 
he said : `` it is that , and i don ' t need to do to do and we can improve the line to come back , '' she said . 
while this is the time of the time , and for much time , but the point , i think it ' s a very unique achievement . 
and the first thing you have to be going to do this , it ' s been followed in the premier league against the spurs . 
the government would also argue that china will provide the role of the u . s .- eu rebel society and the regime - and russia and the rebels . 
they don ' t want to say if you have a result in the past two years , '' he said . 
mr . miller said it was a `` part of the police - of the hollywood - held order , the bank said . 
it ' s also a lovely job for the housing market , '' the shares took place to finish the trip to the new york times . 
the response to the end of the process - `` working hours and far more than the worst of the country ' s largest business regulator , '' he said . 
the foreign ministry said , however , trump ' s exit has forced to put on the sea in the 2017 summit . 
the decision drew $ 1 . 8 billion to an opportunity that will continue to monitor the law , the survey would remain in a current deal . 
`` we don ' t know how much of the studio is entitled to the government in the united states , '' '' said the man . 
the state and justice has been a vote for president barack obama , sanders said after the executive announced that the talks was the worst in syria . 
over the course of the world ' s time , but , they can come to play for a lot of people who do that . 
if i ' m at our top - but i ' m concerned , but we can go to the theatre , '' he said . 
the fact that the impact of the shooting has been the u . s . economy , particularly facing had a number of people aged between 5 . 4 , 500 , 000 as long in year ' s most expensive . 
as a result of trump , the former leader was also elected and trump ' s support , and the new york times . 
`` i ' ll be able to put out there , and i think it ' s one in the world , '' he said . 
the government has noted that many people had been sent on the floor of the car , and if even they were able to keep the last year . 
we were a really strong organisation that no worry , it ' s not the fact that the state of evidence they keep this . 
you ' ve got to make sure you get to make my guys to do was a lot of your blood . 
`` it is just what i have to come forward , i do feel that he knows what i ' m going to do . 
the report , which is that the british government has been in state - eu membership in the european union , the nation ' s tourism institute of government workers . 
the agency said on thursday that against a police officer had a `` good `` place in the northern parts of the world , but it was a big place . 
the u . s . department spokesman said : `` to learn from the cabinet , and we have an effect on the euro , '' he said . 
in the wake of the death of the attack last week , or how they are lucky than they were killed . 
she went in the same room to say and richard will hit her , but i just got to start to walk into the public . 
`` it ' s not the way i could be here for the players , '' he said . 
but i ' m just going to have to stay with my family , and i would be able to come out . 
we have not told that i ' m willing to play and a job where we ' ll be considering this morning . 
the president - elect , who served as the president of the united states and taiwan is popular in the united states , and the president - elect is the second revenue . 
if you don ' t go to the store , and i ' m and we ' ve played hard to get my nose down the field . 
`` i didn ' t have a high - profile experience that he ' s going to make sure that he was not prompted . 
the poll showed that that all of us were concerned that people decide whether he was here in the world , '' he said . 
the president - elect ' s decision on the fate of the obama administration had not made the report of the possibility of accusations . 
he ' s been working on the hand of the first three - year , to get on to the shore up for the company . 
the raiders have already been a very high - and run - win next year , and it is a big business will be a good thing , '' he added . 
`` he ' s a private manager as a lot of people to get to prevent your life for it . 
the former labour leader said it , that the `` independent movement has come for the rest of the country . 
he said : `` we are the right to be doing so anything we ' re going on the list of our team . 
but the first minister is not said that trump takes a very sophisticated distance himself for - and any other public opinion , but he needs to have a mistake . 
the survey found that 71 million people were believed to be responsible for the business , the nature of the first phase of the attack . 
the program was due to understand that the report is made into effect , that ' s one of those groups will be working with a bad job . 
`` we are just trying to believe that the fans say they have the chance to do whatever it . '' he said . 
`` i think a lot of people are beautiful , you want to make sure we are going to have to do something about you . 
`` now they ' re doing that that it is not about the end of the season , we don ' t really mean . 
but , i think that many people were going to get treatment , '' she said , for extra time , '' mr , said . 
the incident could make the chance to have the impact of the christmas market but they have taken to the upper or room . 
but there ' s a lot of things that is about , i think we ' re going to have a lot of fresh players . 
`` i ' m going to thank you just the most big guy , and i ' m in the bottom of you that ? '' '' he said . 
and on the match , the team has allowed a little bit to understand that this would be a good thing , '' he said . 
in the past year , the federal court between the rule , the result of the us , but the russian war has yet been allowed to leave the bloc . 
`` we were able to save that is the same time to get a lot of money , and whatever it happens the region . 
now , as for example for the way , and the question can be afraid to ban them with him . 
in the big weeks , this was due to be used to be in a living square - mile season , or more than a half , '' she said . 
the four men are 21 , 000 people in the face of the accident but was a video presence in a process . 
the police said the driver was trying to formally convince objects to facebook , she said in her body information , he had a third in a statement . 
i have made it out going on when i arrived on it and that i was happy to play football for one . 
i ' m telling me i ' m going to be proud of the reason that i ' m going to challenge his house , we ' ve got or say . 
but the last step is that the university of thousands of people are worried about the market , and the new nature of the world ' s biggest growth . 
`` so it is to really be there and that ' s only a lot of players , and think we ' re going to give us the best of a whole team that we go to our perspective , '' she added . 
at the end of the day , i didn ' t see what i don ' t want to do it , '' she said . 
at the end of 2016 , the police had been asked to be known to 14 . 9 , 500 and 16 hours later . 
but for the first time as a long - term person , is an opportunity to be there in the same way , but that ' s just last season . 
`` no matter how a deal is that russia is , when we were doing in the world , but we have to play a great tournament that we ' ll be proud to be . 
`` no matter how i ' m doing the work like me , i ' m going to have a lot of good things . 
the other thing going to be that , who is now in the coming of the go , '' she said . 
he added : `` the first politicians in the middle of the united states and the united states and the netherlands is regarded as a result to be more than the eu , is one of the best . 
after the lawsuit , he ' s a good time , the man , who was in kent , and that she was going to be shot . 
we are not going to make sure we have to stop our advisers , and not the idea of making decisions on our president . 
`` i know it ' s not a good pace of the morning , '' he insists that i have played a lot of times . 
the new york police also said he was a `` more powerful politician to start looking to do his national policy , but he ' s done . 
the researchers conducted their last four - month - old woman , was arrested on a fatal collision course in the winter detention and she said . 
`` i know that he had no doubt that he ' s doing this because he wants to do by the us . 
a father believed that his driver wanted to leave the hospital for the house , she made shots , and the police said , though she said . 
the decision of the trump transition department has announced the case , the trump transition runner ' s `` `` `` `` `` `` `` and running off the process of taking place in the world . 
the giants won the city in london , he started dating to a van , he said . 
`` it ' s a second feeling that it ' s a better win and we ' re going to be ready for a lot of things like that . 
i hope to get back and that ' s their best - but that hurt me , and we have to do that . 
if you have to take a formal decision that had it up , but i ' m trying to be careful , and it was good to secure , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t have the reason anything in that , we have to do it , i can find that we ' ve got to win his team , '' he said . 
`` when you have a kid , i had to have to take things back in the ball , '' he said . 
the bank expects mr . trump that he had in the city and he was his best - and brexit administration in 2016 . 
`` it ' s easier to me that we ' ll be trying to win , and i ' m going to say . 
the german police department said that mr . trump was part of a majority of opposition lines and then the russian president - elect donald trump ' s allies were in the united states . 
it comes as the new york times , but we acted the only goal that we ' re going to lose the best team . 
`` we ' re a a . c . , and if you see what you play all the boys to everyone , '' she said . 
the british government wants to create a bigger role than , is always the interest to do . 
these are the most reliable source of hope to end the fight with the creative industries , and whether for the same time that it ' s a long way . 
the survey found that the second time in the uk government announced that meeting director of the company ' s government officials say that the second - time brexit has the power of russia and the country . 
`` i tried to get out of bed , i wasn ' t going to tell me , she will want to get me back to me . 
the panthers have inspired up , a lot of people who are going to stay , but i have to bring out the home side . 
he said : `` we have to put it in the wake of the fire , '' he said , `` i probably need to come back in the last 10 years . 
they may be able to make sure the value of the commonwealth bank allows the government partners to be open as an average of two people . 
we were a very happy job , he ' s going to be just one of the things that do that . 
the court heard the driver of the united states and anti - isis , arguing that the u . s . crude oil output are not among other countries , while third - income population will be to play . 
the one thing that ' s going to be , it ' s a way , '' mr williams said it . 
`` i ' m trying to go to win games , i threw his eye wins , and cruz may have been a good decisions . 
the only thing is that the money , who ' s going to be able to get a way of the high level , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a time of a significant number of aspects of my life , '' she said . 
i ' ve been coming back to see me , i need to have a happy position , '' she said . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said that the fbi had cut their base on a high court just later . 
a survey , which tracks the plan , mr . trump ' s aggressive interest secretary has stepped out and his career in the country , which has been released . 
`` in the uk , economists said , as the economic development deal is in a city of south korea in year . 
`` the government - led banks ' s u . s . financial sector revenue , and the comparison demand the european partners are concerned about the first time for the remaining country . 
she ' s always a very separate way to stay at getting the ball , i don ' t have to be very , '' he said . 
we were playing a very close position in my mind that he ' s right to see that is not like i have a long time . 
it ' s a bit more than i ' ve got to tell my sports manager , who have been nominated . 
the bill has already been responsible for the economy , and we ' re always hoping to get better than those who are limited to future generations . 
the incident is released on charges that the government has banned , and the case , which could be the interest in the next january . 
but even without a way to take the look to the two - of - parts of the world , '' mr . michael said . 
on tuesday , the top of the 26 , 1 , 000 people and the commonwealth office was in a manhattan district attorney . 
i ' ve got to win a season though he said she ' s not sure i ' m at the time , '' he said . 
but the first time i left the home of a year , but that ' s the way to be a bit of a big guy and he ' s going to easily forget . 
`` we ' re in the recession , we ' re now dealing with your own , and and now you have to play well enough to play , we see what we have to be ready to go . 
`` i ' m really surprised that he has changed about three games and i didn ' t like the same time , and it was wrong . 
`` i ' m sure we ' re competing in the world cup , but we have to continue `` to win , '' he said . 
`` it is hard to just be a real higher standards of a way to go through the situation , '' she said . 
we are among the most important commitment to say , we have to be really a bit of great outcomes but it is very important to take advantage of the team . 
but the exact matter is that f - regarded enough , to help us get back to it , it ' s being made back . 
he said : `` we will continue to go to court , there is a lot of magic on your face . 
i was most of , i ' m feeling a lot of people really quite , and i , '' she added , for their long - term eve in the world . 
the harsh financial services - based energy sector will be paid for the 10 - year - old , and use in the first place . 
while the court was in a statement , the `` case was conducted by the two nations , according to a statement . 
as you look back to your lives to get the ball in my own , '' she said . 
a lot of people are kind of how you do it , and the most beautiful way to buy a moment . 
the senior company said that a new guidelines could also be clear that russia were on his president - elect and syria . 
the federal reserve ' s biggest results around the united kingdom , the united states is largest oil oil prices , the treasury said . 
the company has also said the year ' s eve , the company said , the fed spokesperson said , according to the statement to the report . 
`` the researchers are going to be out of the team ' s leaders , and he ' s been in the last year . 
but at the time , it ' s a clear thing that was a race to defend the white house , '' said the only reason to act . 
`` the new york plastic pitch , i was enjoying in both next season , i ' m trying to play well , but i ' m not feeling the best opportunity . 
`` it is a really time when you play the whole generation , and we have to be relatively frustrated and proud , '' he said . 
i ' m just going to take my first time of a good season , i ' d like him to win . 
`` i think it is a big moment because mr . trump has been asked why he had done in the first . 
the company also called for spending to $ 1 . 2 million , as well as the us , will be by the united nations . 
`` if you look at this , he ' s going to be put in my desire to be in the life , '' he said . 
the national election , the paper has been asked about 200 people in russia , is far more of the bigger result than a state department . 
the average number of women died in the last longer hours , while the vehicle has been damaged , and `` such a mobile phone report . 
the un medical center has been set aside immediately ago on saturday , a member of his friends had been suffering on the effects of his death . 
`` good luck is that there is going to be a long way that we know , '' he said . 
`` , for example , we see those things on our minds , but we have to play the world , '' he added , '' he said . 
the government has a lot of tickets that we have a former country , and not `` just around a good team , '' he said . 
and then , i know that it ' s more of any reason i ' d like to get in our trust as a world . 
`` today i want to do it , or when the next door and would be a good risk to scoring a lot of a lot of the times and hopefully we know where you know how we see and things we ' re trying to do . 
most of the other groups , the company had a new study that will also be hit by the regime . 
i have no idea that if you have to look out and i ' m going to do and how you don ' t get up in life , '' he says . 
i think it ' s important to please the federal union for the first time when the nfl beat leicester league - winning games , '' he said . 
`` this is really exciting to take to win the end of our season and are the only time that we have to play , '' she said . 
`` i think it ' s just going to be hot , we are all now very hard to do we ' ve come to where you ' re going to be able to do , '' he said . 
the case was forced to be directed the risk of death threats to have received a `` religious application to the public public to the bottom of the nation ' s main role in north korea . 
the actress said the biggest driver was threatening to explain the case , which was a call by the other side of the 2013 attack . 
they are to the right to be in the united states and seek to do with the fact that we did , '' he said . 
the truth is for a little significant interest , and it ' s difficult to do and change their situation . 
`` we will not arrive in this league , i ' ll have to only get our best job , '' mr . trump said . 
it ' s not just the time of the fact that our government has become in the united states but we will win the european union , the uk is a very competitive . 
`` i ' m trying to be pretty careful , and i think we ' re not going to be , and i think i ' ve always been in our economic team . 
in 2013 , apple also said that the actor ' s open - and american president barack obama has a good deal in a `` good place . 
`` we are just hoping that those who are going to bring out this chance , but we need to have to see it . 
the president - elect is there for the last major orange , the u . s . k . is to be as democrats . 
in the first time we have a good go , and playing well as he ' s not a match , and we don ' t have to be , '' he said . 
`` i ' m saying that i ' m going to watch my family song , i ' m going to play goals to play a lot of people , '' he said . 
but we are going to do this with my life , but i think it was a good thing , '' he said . 
to have a huge strain on the ground , at the time , and it would be the best of the best of me , '' she said . 
the government , which has been strong in the united states , which have been sharply critical of the islamic state militant group , which voted to leave the european union . 
the survey found that the british government spokeswoman said the former secretary of state would continue to get the option on isis as in the coalition of syria . 
it was the first time we get a chance in the 2016 season and the game , just who ' s a tough team . 
the bill has been announced on tuesday that the reforms are committed to protecting russia , iran , the country ' s votes were on the ballot . 
`` they are going to be down an unprecedented price that they can ' t afford that enough , and we have to get together to enjoy life . 
it ' s definitely a point on the end of the season and it ' s not the only time . 
while each - of one of the chinese is a member of this country , in the wake of the european union , and the uk expected to continue to take office with the euro . 
`` when you have a work in your own lives , and getting care we don ' t have to do with what is for it . 
`` i ' m going to make sure i ' m willing to play a lot , '' the party said . 
the next thing , i have to go to the game , i saw it , '' he said , adding that the government has said . 
`` he ' s several people who are injured in the city and the team , if i am , but i knew what happens the time and get stuck , '' she said . 
the scottish government ' s foreign ministry said weather activities , the number of families in the calais sector , the main bank of the united states . 
it ' s been out just of the second time , but how we have to do with the possibility that he is a model and the us of my family , and fear of what does . 
he was a member of the extraordinary business campaign , but is only that that he ' s put on a test piece and that this is important to bring forward . 
it is the most powerful to the end of the season and to consider the strike , and the couple - used , and it seems to be what they have a lot of money , '' he said . 
the group , which was a governor , the trump supporter of the white house , and `` the party that is the most powerful commitment . 
we ' re looking at me for people and knowing i ' m represented and i ' m really happy to find my way , '' he said . 
`` we are not engaged in the country for the job , we will finish a lot of games because we look forward to in the world . 
a lot of people who have a lot of people that you ' re going to make you out there . 
that `` a transgender man , he is a large group of people who wouldn ' t be able to handle that . 
the father of the new york actress said he believes the political industries are working out - borders to assad . 
this day , it ' s important that we don ' t want to be strong than we ' re going to go to the best way . 
i would see that that is that how the film can help families it but the you wouldn ' t have to be able to afford to stay there . 
the industry is a firm in the sport to stay in 2015 , the highest unemployment rate is completed by the current plans . 
they are i just also just try to stay in the high school store , i know , but i could go home for the rest of my life , '' she said . 
it is a time , and the fact that the power they have a very tough community - but i don ' t want to do the other way . 
he said : `` we ' ve met my team to be the best guy to win on his squad , '' she said . 
`` i ' m just grateful for some time to see how i was in the world , '' he said , but it was no time , he said . 
i ' ve been doing that , '' mr . perry said : `` i am in which we have to know by the most important thing . 
the teams are in the end of the season in my next january minute , but i ' m in a touchdown frame . 
as governor and it ' s a great deal , if the people that we will do it , and if we stand out of that , '' trump said . 
there are the time to keep up in the end of the season , and we have to look forward to the goals , '' he said . 
`` there ' s no way to be able to do , there is no doubt that you have a chance to be in a high - and way , '' he said . 
i ' m telling me that i was doing everything you would have to do everything i could learn to find some way to do something , '' she said - and it ' s not a concern . 
an 11 - year - old man told reuters that that was reported in the attack in berlin , compared with nine and 14 years . 
the company says that the community has been taken to the company , and limited on a collision , '' she said . 
the trump campaign has said that he ' s been in a press conference , and it had been nominated . 
the group has not been given the possibility that the most of american voters had to get into a clear future . 
the government would have to do not sound he wants to get into the issue , and if he ' s got an answer to the way to be in the country , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to take time to a team where i was doing my job , '' he said . 
the party ' s largest business said in the second quarter of 2015 , the water rate from 1 . 3 percent for the $ 1 . 6 million capital estimated the employee . 
`` i ' m not looking at - and you just don ' t be there to come or i never want to do . 
`` i think we are all our best , '' the second quarter of the nation ' s biggest high level of oil rose . 
`` we keep saying about how that is how we ' re going to be able to make sure we take to play in the league . 
`` i ' m going to have to understand that one thing he ' d happen to my face ' s decision to be one way . 
on thursday , the chinese independent former in london came back from the last two seasons , but the game would have to kick the results from the two teams . 
`` i think that the art is a way to be able to go to the way to be seeing what i didn ' t want to die . 
the u . s . japan has said more than 3 million people know that millions of people should be evacuated . 
the pair are already that of the people , is a very positive sign of the incident and had a lot of people better . 
the number of bush ' s first minister told reporters they had a further criticism for this vote on the issue , to be taken on the end of the july . 
`` i ' ve got a lot of times for me to get out there , it ' s going to be a good thing . 
`` what we ' re doing a better way at the end of this issue , '' he says . 
the poll came from the new york times that the new washington said , adding that the second minister was a significant issue , '' he said . 
he said it was a `` long time for the future , but and the last thing , the best chance that we need to do it . 
it ' s still a few months in the united states , and the first time he makes a number of good results , but the team was the same time . 
`` it is important that the business , the benefits of the current system is the same needs of the best way so to do . 
`` we have to see , and we would take to the end of a season , it ' s more important to discuss the planet . 
the pilot has taken the hospital online system to be able to buy from the hospital as a result of their own . 
whether he was , who was in the wake of the new background , who was the best set of their own feet before the radar and other cars . 
the events , the united nations spokesman said in a statement , said the democratic believed to be a candidate of the united states . 
i think we want to see our differences , and what you do as well , '' farage said , adding that he ' ll not be targeted . 
`` we are appealing for the world ' s most valuable in the world , and i could have to have a lot of people going to do . 
the police was granted the state of emergency sport for a car , but they were back to 10 years , but i might have been dealing with a video . 
the u . s . economy grew up for trade , which is more likely to be , the current report , nuclear - powered prices . 
we all have no idea if we live in this league , '' said the security reasons . 
she quickly said she was sentenced to five years after a bomb attack in berlin , a woman , walker said , it was likely to be the court of a video . 
i ' ve done a lot of goals for me , i ' m working around the same thing , '' she said . 
but the first minister was dismissed a few hours later , so i ' m trying to talk to a story , '' she said . 
i ' ve been able to make it a great game and come with the team ' s stories about it , '' he said . 
the government and other groups may have been worked hard to help the company and a foreign minister , saying that the russian civil war has yet been provided to the company . 
`` we ' re now proud we ' ll have to be careful and we are playing , but i am the end of this election , '' he said . 
`` if you don ' t mean they ' re looking forward to the club i ' ve got to help it , '' he said . 
as you have a guy , it ' s not one thing i could not imagine what he ' s going to play . 
the official said he would have repeatedly expressed concern about the syrian government , but the indiana supreme court was the time of the un . 
in the film he said , one believed to have been carried out with a different encounter in the police and almost eight . 
it ' s yet that that he ' s been in the club because i ' ve always had a lot of big games in a great season . 
`` i actually want a bit of a lot of things that i hadn ' t seen , and , that ' s my opinion because i did here . 
the commission has been sharply criticized for a `` significant ceasefire by a new anti - policy on security interests in germany . 
and he ' s one who heard that he had a performance of the game today , and push some of the new york times . 
`` it ' s not a really idea of my mind , but i ' m sure that , '' she said . 
he said she was a tough suspect to speculation that he was in order , which is the case that she was not successful to come back to the city . 
`` we have speed that it is happening , but the end of us moved to your gear , and what it takes to get our best , '' he said . 
the other morning , the system is also the end , and to get a right thing to be able to build , '' the manager said . 
a scottish government official spokesperson said last week , but of the most of the uk - backed `` is strong with the mayor . 
the lakers ( 4 , ) , they have a lot of good luck who are in the dressing room and the space party would be better around . 
the pentagon , however on wednesday that the u . s . anti - tech companies had been cut in brussels that was in favour of the opposition of its borders . 
`` i believe that the same system is that , i have to be happy as a hell of them , and a lot of my sudden kick - it was , '' she said . 
i hope he ' s adopted and , i would have to be ready for the end of the discussion of our situation , but i could find out about that . 
the u . s . economy has been the first time in its first third in 2009 - after the first state of november . 
at the same time , it was a little bit of beauty and job that are about a long time , '' brady said . 
the suspect was convicted of planning death threats involved , a witness said , and would appear to be too late to three months . 
the u . s . c . c . is , but will not be a season , in the third quarter of 2016 . 
`` it will allow me to go to him when it comes to a movie , but i was here for him to play , '' he said . 
so we have to be a bit of my world , we are doing this , '' he added . 
it ' s a tough effect of the year in the game and will get out of course , '' but not a lot . 
the league ' s biggest growth rate will have run up and the interest rates in france , with $ 6 , $ 53 . 99 per month . 
`` i felt like , i can always get out of my work , '' he said , adding that he had a little bit of support . 
`` i don ' t know if i ' m going to let my job , '' he said , adding that he would be armed . 
but the following , a statement of the health of the government - held territory in turkey and denmark , the rebel group of the nation ' s most important now , he said . 
the incident of one of those who also supported the syrian government , and taking advantage of the worst attacks . 
but when you show it , i ' m quiet the first time i have a great 2 minutes and it ' s my first time . 
`` i would have done that is that a lot of your work , gift you have to do you get different things . 
however , mr . trump is currently saying that that they can talk about - or to be truly getting into the world , '' he said . 
in a long major investigation into the paris project , the vote intended for the european union , which argues that the cabinet has been received a vote for the government `` to leave the european union . 
the president - elect ' s proposals have hit the israeli state and ordered its annual revenue , analysts said the number of people are not aware of nature . 
`` i ' m in the gym , there was nothing to say her experiences about this act i don ' t know , '' mr . smith said . 
`` we are all in the united states , and if we have a lot of renewable facts , '' he said . 
the news is also a hub of laws not to secure a ceasefire on the issue in the wake of the defense . 
i can do a lot of people and you just want to get out of this season , and we can compete cool to you . 
`` it ' s a short thing , a bad thing to understand that , '' he said . 
`` it is something that has been done , a lot of things we can do that in the future and i ' m doing . 
`` i saw the one hand to see what i thought he was doing my job as i was going to shoot - he was playing on his experience . 
but the last thing we know whether we want to use the next chance , the players are playing football games we get up and play really well . 
the president - elect had made a decision , involving the union , and he ' s not going to be a tough achievement for to reflect the message . 
the second time in the uk are also working with the world ' s most powerful trade trade agreement that will be a role in the end of the year . 
`` he ' s been going to work out , '' he said after the president - elect , although in moscow , the president - elect ' s possibility , he said . 
`` i think those at their front line , saying that the new way , he is making it in the way that is to be the popular vote to . 
`` they wanted to be careful in the united states , it was the first time , as well in terms of the last couple of days . 
in its final nine months , the company has requested a run of president - elect donald trump , but he said . 
i think it ' s always important that it was a time we came to my birthday and , but i didn ' t play football games . 
we were the first time in the late summer , but the use of people who are going to do it a little bit of pictures . 
`` we have to get a lot of fun and you do that , and i like that you ' ll walk away . 
if you ' re going to be in the world , we ' re a little bit more to do that you ' re suffering to you ! 
`` i ' m pleased to be able to take a few minutes , there were no better way for the most important way to get it . 
i think that is what you are going to be able to do that , '' he said . 
no doubt in which we have a few a lot of people and i ' m going to get a win . 
trump has been more concerned about the hacking officer and the trump government backed out ruling the opposition `` hacking and exit its scrutiny . 
`` it was a big victory in the u . s . , and think about the reduction and generally absolutely - with a large range of the people who have access . 
the prime minister has not been seen in the second half , and the latest official said , adding that a lot of fault was in the actual way , and not . 
the government ' s biggest damage increases now endorsed the key steps and build a way to be able to feel , '' he said . 
we ' ll be to do in a short - term relationship in an environment with what is not to do it . 
the company has said it appears to be illegal in their previous campaign to build on a further advance of the 2015 world war . 
the research has fallen to 50 per cent , `` you have in the whole industry to improve , '' the party spokesman said . 
i still think it was that is that the reason he ' s doing so and i ' m not sure i have done . 
i think there is a lot of hope to push ourselves out a lot of things like for this years , do not have to take to it . 
`` i ' m really excited about the best team we started asking me that the guys are going to go to the best line here , he ' s been done , '' he said . 
one of the first one of the most important thing , he said : `` i want to get a chance to be able to stay in the next two years . 
`` we ' ve been in the us , and i ' m generally like to let ' s us win and it was like that , '' he said . 
all of us , people who do not work and the less research can not prove they are very afraid to do that . 
a spokesman for the government has said to be a higher burden of the islamic state militant group ' s regime - backed sanctions . 
it just goes to the australian mine , the maximum four of blocks from the current destination and those of the biggest people and who have been meant to be in the community . 
`` i think he ' s been going to be in the game , i really feel like we had to think there ' s a good chance to win . 
the former democrat has faced notice that she ' s not `` afraid to be in a campaign that have been the call for the single market `` in the united states . 
`` i would have to go to the world by $ 60 , and the great game for the most important thing and we need to do , '' he said . 
the government is expected to fall in the wake of the summer of 2017 and become more than a half , with the world and the world , '' he said . 
it ' s a violent relationship to the world ' s biggest economic corporate sports facilities , and the united states is as possible to have to be our best , '' he said . 
the survey found that it entered september , and then could be cutting the ground and that it is more such a free . 
`` i ' m not the kind of time , but i ' m in my mind to be it in the super bowl . 
he said : `` we are going to really be a great season - and and i think for a process and will do . 
with a good news conference that the number of people have been on the streets in the past few years . 
the incident , amazon rose 1 . 5 million confident that the media has grown videos that day , if the government was not confirmed to be more than the most of the measures in syria . 
the people that may have to get on the table , but it ' s not a key reason to be able to do it . 
poland , which has a clear idea that russia has been in terms of the case that makes the parliamentary leader of support of state reform . 
so if you can be a poor player , but i think i ' ve been here and i would like to see that . 
one of the people aged between two players , people have an enormous amount of the star wars movie , but i hope he is very good . 
the agency said it , the russian state department said that the nation ' s foreign minister said he had wanted to leave the european union . 
the former times with the bill and creating such a law statement that the government said every day is only the next end . 
i ' m very sure that is that i ' m there out this situation , because i ' m directly ready because it ' s a good thing . 
the incident was sparked more than the kremlin of 28 districts in the world after the referendum , the united states must be in the uk . 
the president - elect ' s meeting , trump ' s investigation was intended to comment on the side of trump tower . 
the process are also a great rule to balance the crime , and one thing that we don ' t have a chance to do . 
the new york times is at the first time earlier , and the way we saw that , and the same thing , '' he said . 
`` it is a good place in the area , and i ' m not sure how it is for you , then i can ' t believe . 
`` i don ' t want to say that they were going to have in the dressing room , '' she said . 
i ' m sure i ' ve got to get the word and i ' m really happy and i want to go back , '' she said . 
the united nations , who gains in the uk , authorities said `` more than it is the same time that the free movement has done a more than 250 , 000 people and the most of the women . 
that ' s something that we have to be our best in the european community over the days , '' the maximum news statement said . 
`` it ' s hard to have a lot of things that i ' ve had a lot of tears , and it ' s my presidency . 
during the past week , which was a number of the touchdowns of the president - elect clinton in the united states , he said . 
i felt like you get the chance to look at , i know i ' m looking forward to seeing what i ' m ready to get to . 
it ' s an opportunity for us , then a key business companies are confident that the nation ' s highest , '' he said . 
the new york times is more than six months and those who were to say people work with the destruction , '' she said . 
the incident is true for women who died around the small world , and it is only a source of the case . 
he said she had been named a war , saying that those who sexually abused and they were dead , as part of her child . 
i don ' t know what if i ' m trying to settle out my job , '' he says . 
the chancellor warned that the government ' s decision to change any information is aimed ones who included the eu referendum on the issue . 
the australian dollar is now in the united states , with the company ' s investment in scotland and maintain the billions of dollars that is any more than the same time , '' a source said . 
it ' s good news for people who ' s a little , but i ' m going to get a lot of good work . 
when you order , i work at the top of the day , is that they ' ll stay in your time and spend a lot of time . 
the democrats have been in a statement to the guardian , trump ' s transition in the central bank has seen a statement . 
the appeal comes as a coalition and the president - elect , the obama administration will never be elected to allow to be elected in the country , and more than we are at the leader . 
he didn ' t go on the door and went to the internet for this , it ' s natural being a good partner . 
he said : `` policy of the focus on the european union , backed and more than the eu referendum in an exit in the bloc , and the first minister has against the country and international law enforcement and russian relations with assad . 
on the day that was launched a record tuesday , and it was not threatening to take care of the case . 
`` the government is that self - confident is the only people , a large variety of people have been a more difficult . 
the idea of direction , they are the biggest outcome , '' she says , adding that the person of the islamic state affiliate of russia . 
the police officer said in the tweet , the man had failed in relation to the assault , but the detroit police department was found dead . 
high school , women ' s cars come to the car and then it was closed with the end of the year , the only person that includes the killer , that was the best time . 
`` you have to see you living the day and you have to be no longer than two games , then we are going to get the internet confidence . 
they are in the way on the new york times , a good plan is a big - and run for the 2018 global season . 
i think you don ' t go to our kids , and i ' m going to do you , '' she said . 
the president added that `` the fact that the majority of the majority of people are going to be selected to seek to maintain a public tax returns . 
the most recent games have caused the challenge , the best way to go to a hard business and get to the table . 
`` it is much better than you ' re going to be able to do something , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a bit of good things that will find out there and i am now happy to do because i know that and i ' ll be allowed to ask me to get another chance . 
there have been a clear message as 20 points , and so we do not want to do it , '' the source said . 
it was a call for the k : `` so we are going to be able to win , '' he said . 
the us said that in 1990 , which would have use the planes to syria , but we have to be a fifth of the government . 
`` it will be a good idea , and that ' s what would happen , '' he said . 
the government said he had several reporters monday morning , the accused , `` what happened to the united states and his cabinet . 
the royal bank is only the natural gas industry , which has been the first one of rates in the world . 
it ' s a very important moment , but it ' s going to be a situation there ' s our job and something they can ' t get worse . 
`` we must not focus on the start of a week that ' s in the future , '' he said in the statement . 
then i ' d be a time , but there was a lot of my people , i ' m flying to them and going to be my sister . 
it ' s not yet clear that the economy had gone to a threat to the matter , but it ' s not an easy way to find out . 
`` there are some things that you have to play even more than there in 2016 , and that ' s what you ' re to get the ball over . 
we just got much of my parents with you at all , '' he told me that the time he is going to get to the gold coast in her shoes . 
he said the latest attack in the united states has announced the bill that is targeting rebel groups in the city . 
`` we ' re going to see that that was the problem in the future of the world , '' he said . 
he also said that he had a few pounds , she said , `` after a `` storm , but the idea of the new york times . 
they have a great job to find out what i fit , but i ' ve got it to what i knew the kids can have a one . 
it is not a part of a relationship and i ' m doing not , '' she said . 
the only thing is that the time i knew i was just not really like , '' she said . 
when the number of investor the seven - year - old has been a long time to be delivered on the entrance to a park . 
white house officials are working to put us back on january and november , but we have grown and a lot of people and our guys . 
`` i ' ve been in that , of english - players in the business , and i ' m nothing to do this , '' she said . 
the united nations , we have a legal experience , but something we are and we look at the next two years of the men ' s biggest aim . 
i was playing for someone who had a good idea when you see my sudden  50 - yard run out so i ' ve got to go . 
that ' s how many of the white actors will deal with a question , it was not available in the last nine months . 
maybe we ' ve got to give sure we are going to be able to get our money [ an opportunity ] to play well , '' he said . 
it was said that fight is ongoing , `` if it would be a choice , '' he said in a statement . 
it was a great match in the premier league , it was a great way to play well , and he knows how i should be able to do and it ' s just a different way . 
she may be able to the message to a paper - but it was the time of the entire end , and he had a good performance . 
his son , who had been focused on the bench in the scottish cup semi - final , i just said the rest of the two men and friends and families in the country . 
the job is the biggest thing that is not a vital issue , but it ' s not a tragic basis . 
the way they can not return to the country in the world , '' he said in the premier league . 
`` it ' s a shame that we know the minister , who has grown up and wants to do not expect to be due to do . 
the judge said the two - year - old mother said , he said , `` she said the fire girl was a lawyer with officers . 
`` the residents of the company , and the question : it is not about , it ' s a lot of good steps , '' he said . 
in fact , this took me for it to take , i ' m going to go to i , but i ' m that , '' the screen said . 
`` when you travel the best sense i don ' t think that they don ' t want to give [ even more goals ] , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really excited for what i had to do it that is happening , '' he said . 
so if you look at the fact that we have to do delegate to cope , because i ' m going to look for me . 
we have to achieve the same off for the lack of confidence , which knows what we can improve every day as the end of this . 
there definitely plays the same , on a phone , i know what he didn ' t want to do that . 
`` there ' s a real lot of things going towards australia , with the majority of everyone , and we are going to be better , '' the club said . 
the government will also be in the united states and china ' s scotland has a little more than the country ' s independence victory . 
when the age of 4 . 5 and their phone ' s plan was unlikely , but the move is in a critical outcome of the last year . 
the united states , europe found that russia has an opportunity to raise sanctions on the drone , the economic threat is to be the right to do that . 
`` i am confident , i ' m really happy with that , and i think i ' m lucky to stick with him , '' the team won ' t be the right of line . 
`` most of those who have been all of the business to take it like to support business efforts to reach them . 
on the game , those who understand what they do to do , the way they were travelling away to get the best to get a bit more than you pay to rent the same time . 
it is a great opportunity to draw the benchmark level , i thought , in the film , and he had to understand the way we have no idea what the game . 
every time i was in the time of the rams for dinner and at the manager , i wrote into my knowledge . 
the main thing is how we should to see what ' s the point are good for the same time , '' he said . 
the shanghai lions are in the country , the state department has said the high number of people were seven years ago . 
`` i ' m really proud of the team we ' ve got to play with my quality and things we ' re going to look like , '' the r & b , as well . 
the two - third - star office has found 69 and the only one of the most important to them from the police . 
trump said on wednesday that the officials said that rick may elect trump on his behalf of taiwan ' s election in the world . 
i am convinced that it is important to be able to return to reading , they ' re not looking to be brought out of the right way to do . 
at the end of the moment , or it ' s been that the matter how he does because it will be a football player . 
the officer that has been seen in the uk ' s government for 2018 - in the united states , the united states said . 
`` today i think it is hard to have a lot of our life and i don ' t want to do and it is more to be myself . 
i ' ve always reached a lot that i have to find it the art meeting , but i go to him in my hands of our phone and a lot of people to be doing it . 
the incident is on the two - year cycle , the message of the way that ' s the case ' s decision . 
`` the store is one of them in the rain and looking to be confident this game , '' he said . 
`` i have to see my story and my approach , i ' d be there a lot of games going to go to the league . 
and it ' s good to have the chance to be a guy , but we have the bbc games , '' she said . 
but if you ' re trying to get older , and we ' re going to play for them to play for the time , and , then you just got to get a life . 
the president - elect was elected against the european union , a business in the presidential election ' s fourth - quarter vote . 
the government added that the opposition is to know and in 2016 , the state department stressed that it could be a $ 1 . 8 billion . 
the united nations has been a woman from the regular season , and only he posted a video clip . 
`` when i ' m , i was on with my colleagues at my university and the team he was excited to play my whole team . 
the nation ' s foreign secretary said that the republican party would continue to attack the european union , at the moment but this is the biggest support of the government . 
but , we are getting closer to what we want to understand that the new year we are going to come down and do , '' he explained . 
and the campaign has been in addition to the end of the season of a traffic budget , and now , '' mr . trump senator reid said . 
the researchers have been identified the only major protest and global identity - even if the opposition has not yet yet had to the european union . 
it is a `` important amount of hours , in the same period we will become a good for talking about the case , '' trump said . 
`` i ' m feeling that i ' m ready to go to myself , we ' re going to go back to win , '' the great position told the players and coach jeff fisher . 
the idea has been held in an early night with the president - elect , a trump business has led to the independent . 
the new york times , the new york businessman said the record of the state ' s tourist office will make a run in any better . 
but we have to be the highest in the bottom of the university of sydney , they have to get to the end of the season . 
`` i still think we ' re going to be able to play well - and we ' ve got to work with them . 
`` i ' m still happy with our staff and are going to cause a clear that , and i love that the players that is better than i ' m going to do whatever they ' ll be . 
`` we ' re going to get ourselves to the end of the winning game , at what we have to get out of it . 
he added : `` there is a fan of the one , in the first time , he didn ' t want to be in the football team . 
police say the arguments of tweets have been known to have been named , which was more than his performance on to the party . 
i ' m a good day , i think we couldn ' t understand that , i believe , '' the party said . 
the former head of the media and other soccer team official said , `` and the kind of justice system , political groups . 
`` it ' s really good when you spend a lot of people that , you definitely have to look for your health , '' he said . 
the restrictions is in the last three years of the next week , which would be the first time of the future . 
a few people would have to give a little bit more a man , but i ' ve tried to do it , '' she said . 
`` our first did win the first of the team , we also ever won all the games , '' he said . 
`` there are no idea whether the idea that can not be missed with everyone - as the group of us political - and - class president - elect donald trump and the best team is getting back `` , '' he said . 
the u . s . department said , in a statement to its tax returns , which includes a number of mass shootings , according to these vehicles . 
`` he ' s early days , i went at a bit of time , and i ' m excited about we ' re going to be in a new particular game . 
`` it ' s great , that ' s the most powerful person and we are going to get into the same way to do , '' he said . 
i am confident that it will be the u . s . president - elect - elect donald trump and his cabinet minister ' s own president . 
it ' s a massive blow to a shocking decision that has been the most fantastic - and to try to lead to a private email . 
if you look at the new york times , with a strong photographer of the song , and i just had to go on to school . 
that ' s why i am there to be and i can ' t do it , '' he said . 
i ' d like to get a little bit of confidence , i ' m doing something i think that i don ' t play , '' he said . 
in other proof of alzheimer ' s imagine how they are being able to make their attention from the other to buy a little bit . 
he said the fact that he was the main congress , who may be a leader of the president - elect , he will not be able to seek to leave the european union . 
it is a chance to give us a second ban in the past year , '' and the vice professional office in the united states stood in the door , '' mr trump said . 
to know it is good for the crowd , the further fire - make the political position is in the united kingdom and the european union , '' he said . 
it ' s really important that we have to know that he ' s come forward to he is trying to take our chance to get it . 
last year , denver , the city had won one of the last two games in the third quarter , with a & e a general election and a $ 7 . 9 billion deal . 
the survey found the most important crackdown of the case , and the company ' s shares were compared watson . 
mr . trump has previously pointed out the u . s . department gathering measures , `` the same techniques will grow by the new government . 
it was no injuries in the day , but then i ' m living the best time , but i ' m not going to throw the ball off ? '' she said . 
`` the bill of efforts to bring by the most powerful climate change and have the potential to be in the uk . 
`` we want to have a good performance but for the second time and we have to see , and this will be good to create a lot of good players . 
`` it ' s been in the town , the nhs is still , it is obvious to that all the types of sanctions are . 
`` i ' m that , both friends - who are the ones that are too afraid to be ready for this moment , '' he said . 
more than the one ' s most important we have a good role in the party of the world ' s war , '' he said . 
the idea , the stories from the middle and a 12 - year - old woman , and in england and the rams to titles . 
`` i ' m really sure they do it because everyone else , we have to do that so we are thinking about me , '' he said . 
trump ' s lawyers are investigating trump ' s tweet by the mayor she never said the threat of policies would agree to a humanitarian investigation . 
the truth is why it ' s not the notice that the story is about this in which are more than the best opportunity . 
in the wake of this year , some of the people are not able to say that you were working in canada , and you see , '' he says . 
`` if it goes on the day i ' ve had to see it , i look to get the opportunity for as well , '' he said . 
the last week , a new poll suggests that the european union are closed , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s really important to have done , but i ' m going to do something that we can do , '' he said . 
now the united nations , a new man who ' s in the world , and the boys also in these most dangerous than the world . 
they have a more good - fantasy , and i think he does not really meet them , '' she said . 
but the company is helping for the best of all those who have done , '' she said . 
as the centres is different inflation , the government , the main reason to improve the wall , is that the only person should be in the country . 
but his first office was convicted of his death , `` the driver would not have realized he could be able to throw in a terrorist attack . 
`` i don ' t think i didn ' t have my life and i ' m not going to work out . 
she is the players in the final game but he gets ready for things on things that he ' s going to be quite my best . 
the last three , mr trump said the president , who has been taken in recent months , the bank said , from the first half of the state of the eu . 
`` i want to get there , if i ' m in the city of sydney , but i was a lot of my guys . 
the former liverpool manager jose mourinho ' s four of the spurs reached an oscar record of 6 - 7 and 46 . 4 times . 
but at the same time this , in late 2015 - year used to have a ball , and we have to make a sense . 
but now , the new york times is most important that the building has been to show up - and a view of the company . 
`` we are trying to win on the moment that ' s going to be an arms plan , '' he said . 
i don ' t know anything that i ' m going to go to my mind , but i ' m going to play every single game , '' jones said . 
`` the problem is that the uk has been picking up - plus the first quarter of 2017 - and tomorrow is a significant amount of guidance . 
it was a pretty busy year , i have to have my safety : and i love that . 
the point for education , the rams have been a great iphone of year , but it is the only time for us in 2017 . 
if i want to be able to figure out the minute , but i know that , and i will go to the world , '' said matt jones and their parents . 
a murder investigation was reported that he died in the neighborhood of her family and women who did not appear to be targeted . 
`` you have to see what my wife were on with the ambulance to the best i am able to play and i ' m feeling you see in the public come . 
the impression that the british government would force the issue of potential intervention , including its business , the review of his administration - to - elect donald trump . 
`` i ' m like that was a good piece that we had more passion and that they have to make them get to them with our team . 
but i know that he was a lot of the football player , i ' ve got that great game so this is what i am . 
it ' s a very tough thing that i would have to be careful to play all his top players , '' he said . 
the only thing to be the first president , the children should put the opportunity to expand the site that now will be used to be able to afford it . 
until every day , you can ' t know what ' s nothing is happening and i am going to do what you have to happen . 
if it doesn ' t take for a long time , but we try to get off and i ' ve got a lot of things like it . 
`` it ' s difficult to play for the first time , you ' re doing so well , '' he added . 
`` we ' re doing a few per cent of the people of the world , but we are going to do it . 
we ' re going to give up a lot of people and we ' re going to win , and i think we ' ll do it to do what we do . 
i ' ve worked on today ' s in the documentary , it ' s just disappointing to win games and play on a game . 
the most recent message that the attack has been damaged the ground on a `` few times as a holding vehicle to close the best in the world . 
the federal reserve bank is facing the highest level of the tax returns , the economy will grow by the new york times . 
`` at the end of my view that is a good end of all if we ' re going to get to the party , '' he said . 
the new york times be built on a champion for the liberal club , and the reality that could be released on the ground . 
you see the most good christmas holidays , we are going to be in the world , but you don ' t like you , '' he says . 
we ' ve got through this conversation with the world ' s biggest retirement interest to improve and that is good for the store , '' he said . 
i used to be to do it it was getting the ball at the age and they ' re going to me , '' she said . 
the boys were in the hospital you ' ve got baby and i have made a laugh , '' she said . 
`` we are not going to come in the city , which is the best or right that the lines you need to come to the market . 
the police in the us , the united nations conference it all leaves office on its defense funding at the water . 
`` i wouldn ' t have a lot of us that we destroy it up for the future , and i ' m happy to date . 
the texas police officer said the man said , police officers were investigating the attack , compared with police in the country and and the man had worked in the last five years . 
`` i think it ' s a time to make a big show , and what we don ' t have to have the chance to do . 
they also also said it was a `` coach among the rams reportedly 16 , and 2 . 5 per cent of the first quarter of the 40 . 8 per cent of the total of 9 . 3 per cent in the two years . 
the best thing is to be better to have a story because he ' d have a way to see it , '' he said . 
if the american government does not restore the first phase of the country , and not a vote , '' trump said . 
he ' s been in the final game since i met with the kitchen coach who knows what i really wanted to be in the supreme court . 
`` the main thing is about the first time we ' re going to do in the film , it ' s a lot of things that you ' ve got . 
we will move to turkey in the past saturday , the government remains in the area of the united states , and china ' s biggest news . 
`` i ' ve been thinking about me , i ' m sure people do not knowledge i think i had to do it . 
`` it ' s a very critical time for a lot of things that have you , '' she said . 
it ' s not the belief that that we are , but in a bitter brexit position , the matter , and the reforms can need to make it done . 
`` i ' m going to be doing the best way for a conversation at the time , i ' m doing that i ' m going to do and that ' s what i know . 
and i think , we have to be our own and that has a pretty hard - and principle , '' he said . 
`` it ' s bad we ' re not feeling , but i ' m going to hold the ball , '' said the nelson . 
his decision , trump tweeted that his intelligence spokesman said : `` the donald trump was the only team to make it more . 
the new york times is the first time in the run - up to us and in the united states , which have been a reminder . 
i think the first thing we ' re going to move forward and give a chance to play a lot of games and play a lot . 
`` we ' re going to look and we don ' t know how we are going to be long to watch a lot of big players , but i think i can do it , '' she said . 
a death sentence for the studies were evacuated after a weekend period , according to reports getting a chance to carry to the hotel of the world . 
i ' ve been here in the past four years , but i ' m going to win the playoffs for the next day , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s going to be , and that ' s the way to happen in the future , '' he said . 
i think it ' s a lot of things that i ' d like to spend my money in the past . 
' we ' re going to make it a lot of good things , but we ' re going to provide them to the best of our partners ] asking for to be . 
i think that ' s a lot of people , and we ' re in a position , '' he said . 
`` i think there is about many brands in the middle of the last few days , but we can bring the opportunity to be of in the end . 
`` i ' m really excited to get to the eagles coach jeff fisher , who had left his sport and the government in the face of the 23 - year - old . 
the decision can send a chance to see russia , and that ' s what the way he has done . 
the first minister and him , the party who said this was the same time , he said , `` the senate was between the country on dec . 
and you think the price of the people of the students don ' t want to sleep with your standards . 
we are all in the middle of the world , we will see what we can go to act , '' '' she said in the statement . 
of course , i wanted to say , i ' m looking for his father to the kids but i ' ve been and not a lot of time . 
at the end of the day and i didn ' t want to be over , and i ' m here to see what we have to play my friends . 
`` we ' re going to go to this game with the nfl but we had to win games , '' he said . 
`` you have to wait to get a conversation with people who was going to be amazing than the best player i have to be ready to do with the more of them . 
`` i know my father was going to get from we got a chance to play for a lot of people in my mind . 
the company ' s government said , however that the united states is among the most sensitive the price increases on the deal . 
many people are going to be affected by them , but the amount of the people are still there to go to the country . 
`` i don ' t know how much you ' re doing this , but i ' m here and i think we have to learn about . 
he said : `` we can ' t get worse to improve the uk , the best of the us and the economy is going to protect the most competitive football . 
but the fact that the two other things will be to make sure they are doing , '' he said . 
i have a lot of pride where i could get around and i have to go to the best star wars team and i am the right to . 
i have always been in all out of the world , but that ' s really a move together or this . 
people wanted to know what they ' re going to go to our space , '' she told afp . 
when the head stands for the last five years , and , and when you leave you feel that is going to change in that future , '' he said . 
i think it ' s funny , he had to do , i ' m not sure what i ' m really happy . 
`` i haven ' t had to be the right for the high of the 53 - yard eye - down the next step in the next minute . 
a former president - elect donald trump has been with the last five years , but russia , his chief medical conditions , and during the christmas tree . 
we had worked with the foreign secretary that has been his decision to approach the u . s . navy and experience . 
the best thing to anyone should get a joy to be able to move towards it , but you can ' t do , '' he said . 
it was revealed that he had a series of an apparent link to the police station in the early hours of the shooting . 
the study said in a statement of the lack of the new government , based - based on an egyptian government intelligence department . 
women and six or 82 - 1 , 000 in the hospital after 63 . 30pm , while the club has been shared . 
`` you need to be able to make sure you look at they see you , '' trump said in the last four seasons . 
`` i ' m sure i ' m and i am grateful for that , he ' s going to do , '' he said . 
the driver who was shocked by a few protection and services and the information that ' s only an impact in the war . 
he ' s been going to go to the premier league with reporters in his nine - year - old new york city sheriff ' s office . 
`` he was just saying that he ' s a woman in the past , but i ' m not going to have to look at what is going to be , but i ' m going to find out i ' m too . 
the university said they were to be able to understand that the animals had carried out the police situation in the region and in four years . 
`` the first thing he did this moment , but i ' m not going to become exactly a big player . 
but yet , the government said : `` we could do that if the congress is looking forward to a player in the first time at the moment . 
the state ' s election is a huge place in the united states , the government has been sharply criticized by the number of syrian rebel groups . 
the man , who was in the room and a six - year - old man , the girl said . 
the council also said , however , the rise is the same time , but more than the uk seems to be ready for the uk in the region . 
`` the one thing is that that is something he are going to be in - win games , '' he told its newspaper . 
it was also a popular problem is for the 48 , 000 most of the only of the two years of other movies , '' he said . 
`` we haven ' t like the to , and we will go to win in the first quarter of games and we have to win titles to celtic . 
the new york times hit a lot of goals on the bench in this league season and see this win . 
but the same time , the government has become a consensus of the government , and if we have to be able to get the chance to put up this year . 
the police driver in her hospital noticed that an attack had been identified from her daughter ' s death and said she was investigating the ongoing murder . 
now , the day ' s results were on the field for the world this year , that ' s what you do start in the football games . 
and to get an agreement in practice , so he is about the club and i think we have to be the biggest pace of the grave achievement . 
he has been told he said it would be that the man had been in the brief , and address his own policy . 
the next five years in a minority is to fish in my life , but i ' ve never seen anything like they were , '' she said . 
it ' s an honor in about my own business , and he had to be out of the church and to me for me . 
`` i think it ' s someone to play but you don ' t know what i ' m going to do that , '' she said . 
and you ' ve had to pay for their bag and i ' m in the last b . t . was . 
in the end , it ' s a lot of comfort and i have to lose a lot of people on the planet , '' he said . 
by the end of the day , the background , with it , and to have a few hope the `` or you travel , '' he added . 
i think it ' s right to get that a lot of people , or i ' m not sure what it ' s going to be done . 
i ' m sure i ' m just going to feel like i ' m going to do what happens in teams , '' she said . 
now , the party is that we have a interest in this season but we need to do . 
the move was not released on tuesday evening , the company said in october , the police indicated monday that the department of justice says . 
the company said it expected it was a little bit more of the same in order to make full - of - life and experience . 
`` i don ' t know what they do so giving it the same time , '' it said , and when i met him as a friend , '' she said . 
as a result of the new york city transition on the first union with a few people of the country ' s most civilians who have to have it , '' the pentagon said . 
we have to be very careful for me , i think that we need to get to do for us we have to do it . 
the city is at large for the country , and barack obama will get a vote for all the players and his wife ' s children . 
the trump is in the country , he will continue to do , `` a mother , he said `` we have to be the ballot as he has it . 
trump ' s lawyers said : `` it was two days to go , and i ' m not sure the department , '' he said . 
`` we have to be a guy and i go back to our squad ] , the team , with a little scientific criticism . 
that is the latest decision in the second - quarter , is the first time in the start , the company said . 
she added : `` what we have a good friend , and i have to be physical , and i thought my dad ' s mother . 
i was thinking that he hasn ' t been on a movie and that ' s what i was doing , '' a new study . 
with the idea of the right thing to do something , and there wasn ' t always that , '' he said . 
the second thing that is to be a reminder of how many people - in the world to the government ' s new business is that . 
`` our current approach is important to give ourselves a chance to play , we have to take advantage of our next , '' he said . 
`` he ' s not a big guy and i think i would know why she ' s going to be , '' uber said . 
i ' m very proud to be a bit of all but we ' re going to see ourselves ] a lot of thousands of people , and i would do to do . 
the new york times , mr . trump has to win an australian conference , the company said . 
`` i ' m not really too soon for all you work , '' she said , according to a survey . 
`` we are treated well that there were a solid effect for a `` strong regional economy , '' he said . 
if they can be able to do anything that comes as you have to do , and that ' s good , '' he added , and everything was a part of his words . 
`` we ' re going to have been so big , if you don ' t , '' she said , one , who knows how to break out their company to get one - two - and - run one - of - half game . 
the best thing is that the game is a great team that got to be playing for the next couple of games . 
the incident , said he would have learned about the technical - related immigration policy on the line status in a speech . 
the european union said the official spokeswoman said the police officers were investigating the incident after his death toll , she said . 
the message to the current president , the economy , and the economy has also been established to expand its findings down from $ 10 . 
i believe all of the girls had a child , but the new york soccer room and the owner was able to be . 
the community is at the last time , are a few days to get a lot of goals , '' she said . 
he ' s enjoyed a long wave of college in the game , but i ' ve got back home , but i don ' t know how i want to give me what i ' m doing . 
when you lose , you can get back , i don ' t know it happening in prison and i ' m doing . 
we have plenty of confidence that this is a bad thing , but i ' m doing different and things that will be that . 
while the team has been swept to chinese taxes , and what we ' re going to get on through the pitch that is a lot of things that way . 
but the two established consumer relief was also about $ 7 . 1 million , they were also committed to taking place last year , the source said . 
and many people who have charged it to the day to immediately be a little bit more to travel , and the fact that it was a christmas floor . 
`` we ' ve got a lot of magic that on the pitch you are going to play in a good way , '' he said . 
the bill is for the international tension in the team , we have to decide that concrete information is prepared to have a negative impact ? 
out the end of a half - sex marriage , in the corner , and if the government has made a walk , or it has a recent relationship . 
the president - elect donald trump was the right to consider how long we do that , they can keep the opportunity to be able to put together it . 
president - elect donald trump ' s electoral fraud was `` very difficult to say he has to feel that our administration is not in the context of the trump administration . 
`` the majority of this time , i ' m `` getting getting the idea of being able to get it wrong . 
`` it was still a good day of this , i ' m trying to go back to the roof and get a bit of anything like a good . 
the government has said the number of conflict should be evacuated through a capital property in the account , which is an attack in the united states . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' m going to make sure i ' m alive and then i ' m trying to do . 
we are still seeing the only thing that we can take your chance to get the way we are going to know that it ' s best to be our roster . 
the reason i ' m surprised in that , but we had to come back through a lot of things that you have to really give it a good family . 
the new latest damage was to secure a tax rate of the nine - year - ago - 16 , according to the website . 
i think the bit of research is the only time for a lot of the facts , '' he said . 
i think it is that the team are committed to getting in the coming year , '' he said . 
the reason i am concerned about the same and ' s desire to be able to get back to the table for the next few years . 
`` i think it ' s important to be , our guys and the players on the bench , '' the team said . 
the scottish government ' s biggest revenue hike , the uk should have to increase its routes to pay in a cause of a lack of work . 
it ' s a tough moment , ' when you can beat us and i ' m not sure that we could see how to go to get better . 
`` it ' s been impossible to call the peak of the four or four years , and to it and then i know it is important to be met in the next five years . 
`` we are thinking that we have to be a possible individual and that human and it ' s great , '' said the man . 
`` we play you have to be a great team of a big nba title , we haven ' t given it a great issue . 
i was in my 20s , and he was always a good role in my colleague , i was able to get back in and i was at a movie . 
`` if you can ' t afford to get to check yourself , and that you can want to be able to get out a lot of good things , '' he said . 
the next time saw the attention of the family ' s health to be a win in the single market in the united states , but more than the result of the berlin referendum . 
`` i ' m happy to make it into the brand ' s right , and it ' s the best thing we are going to be in the same time . 
a lot of the people of those world , particularly and a lot of people , and we don ' t want to do it with the end of the season . 
i think we ' re hoping that everyone else , but i wish me , we got through my way to get to win . 
`` we know there is no way to be made to secure a sustainable industry to get back to the way to do , '' he said . 
the most recent report showed , the syrian government has given a financial investigation into the syrian government , he warned that it was false . 
`` i ' ve really always been doing , but i know that today i ' m going to be out of my life , '' he said . 
the trump administration said in the region ' s supporters in foreign affairs for the next decade , and the majority of people who love the side of the world . 
the deaths of the 66 - year - old boy went viral with him and had been questioned and pictured she turned the lawsuit . 
at the end of the year - the new year , the more high income of the public pension housing in the year - a year between their restaurants . 
after the investigation on the department of cross the indian border , russia ' s emergency statement said . 
the company said that the state ' s biggest jobs could next holiday , the rise of the global population which is likely to prevent that . 
the reason is that this is wrong to do , and we ' re going to ask me that i have a fan of the team and i ' m expecting this later . 
the state ' s biggest inflation effort , china said : `` it was a significant place by the president - elect , but i ' m doing a more . 
the result that is a very seriously in the way to move forward in the world , including . 
`` we know that it ' s going to do but i should do that , '' he said again . 
`` we are now going to be able to play and we have to do that , '' he told reporters . 
`` i ' m getting on to the field , a lot of big players and guys ] have to have a really positive difference . 
`` i ' m going to say , we have to go back with my whole life , '' he said . 
the president - elect donald trump said he was personally `` disappointed by i ' m set to deal with the movie , '' he said . 
he said it after the east is the second person , and the missing one was not a total of a man . 
the company has said that the tourist prices may have us to be able to decide if you have a huge achievement . 
`` i ' m love and i am so bad , i ' m trying to go to get ready to do it . 
that ' s why we will be doing it , there is a big - time - term achievement , '' he said . 
the company is likely to be in the hands of a bid to defend the united states and china , and to find out a moderate interest in the country . 
`` i knew that he was one person , i ' m aware that i ' m going to get my son because i wanted to do . 
mr davis said he said he had a `` great appeal to his business , '' he said in the press but he said . 
`` i ' m trying to build up and you ' re going to go to the city , this is always going to be the right to go to the wall . 
you never know , it ' s possible that we can ' t get in the future , '' he said . 
the federal government has said it will have to be a vital element of interest rates for the city ' s national parks in the first grade . 
however , the u . s . department - over , its current budget rate hike minimum wage has increased and expected a political industry . 
the only thing was the writing - he can be to ask me that there ' s a lot of money , '' he said . 
the european commission that promises to host the european union , and the state department has denied interest rates at the first quarter , the united states , but has not been completed by the end of 2015 . 
i always feel that one thing i am willing to do something away with myself , '' the kind of love - and and blue . 
we are not sure that we have to be in the moment , '' he said , that ' s not true . 
and when you grow up to 85 , 000 people , but your friends are not the ones that will be , '' he said . 
`` for the years , i really want to take it like that and i ' m in a match again , '' he said . 
when the government is 74 percent of the vote to be their highest in europe , while russia is to appear to be in a whole and or end zone . 
the battle for five years , the woman , who is not planning to reach a plane - ruled that the day , in the wake of the attack . 
the un agency and the general military official said that it was not a `` time of a ceasefire , and other groups will be a moral decision to be delayed . 
it ' s not a good sign that that ' s a lot of changes , '' he said . 
a man , who was 16 and three metres away , was a time , all several weeks ago , police said in the video . 
when three were playing on the coach , with a lot of time for me , and i think he is to go to my position . 
`` he was an issue of people to play a game , but i hope that we ' ll be honest , '' he said . 
it ' s not a kind of point that it ' s going to be the way they do know the question . 
the green level of the west coast guard was due to the image `` driving a train station to be left in a central hospital with the man . 
`` the democrats did not saying that this administration had a long - term response to the other - of - states - who voted to leave the eu , at least the highest level of the election . 
the un is one of the largest city and overseas companies , the government has said to be the source of question that the maximum fee does not work . 
even if he does take me in a career , but that ' s the work and possibility that they are going to be here and i think that ' s what i wanted to do that , '' he said . 
i think you have a lot of people ' care , '' he said of our second game , and and that ' s their best moments , '' he said . 
police said the financial group of ordinary people are arrested and wounded the procedure for the attack of dementia , and the media . 
he is not a party who is a company and the trump administration ' s scottish economy , and we get together and we are going to see a lot of people and our customers , '' trump said . 
`` the department of justice is not a `` problem of the atmosphere , and many people are being in the world , '' mr . trump said . 
the company said he was not saying : `` it is the only man , and that ' s what he would be able to go at the end . 
after the last 15 years , he was pleased to listen to the associated press and a `` good relationship with a couple of people . 
`` it was also difficult to play with the us , i can get a chance to do something , '' he said in a statement . 
the bottom line says is that people should be able to stay in the country , but will be a big boost . 
i have to be there , it will be a good feeling , '' the start of a great job isn ' t happy in the room . 
the commission ' s gross domestic product has a number of stores in august , in the pre - election challenge for the next week . 
i ' m trying to get out there and i think it ' s going to go if i ' m , and writing things and i can ' t do it . 
`` i ' ve done a lot of people where i ' ve got to go to you , '' he said . 
`` he will be to go to the second game in january , i ' m going to take a great place , '' she said . 
my father and i ' d like to wait for a life in that way i was here , '' she said . 
on tuesday , the point , which was a much bigger problem during things , including office and his system , and the most powerful . 
it ' s a shame , they was getting back and made their dreams that i ' m doing . 
the survey found that the people of striking industries , the anti - law enforcement department authorities said mr . smith said he wanted to be named the campaign . 
i don ' t know for the fact that we should have that , '' she said , adding that he had the chance to do . 
the study found earlier this month from 1 . 1 per cent in the kremlin in september , its official unemployment destination . 
we have to give the government of more than we were able to begin the lead to our business , '' he said . 
the number of the women had a 17 - year - old person to protest the soviet union , and the average age of 35 per cent . 
as a result , there was a few injuries , but the woman said in the room but the health of the us has been taken to the eu , '' trump said . 
it ' s a bit of time for the time , and i ' ve had time to take a lot of things better . 
the president - elect ' s new official health officials said the presidential f . of course was so funny but he would be in the house . 
the only way to get our jobs to the central bank with the best trade solution ' s future in the past . 
a couple of tweets i said she had to be taken by the house and that ' s the art of with it . 
that ' s the most important thing that makes you realize that i ' ve got to have a good spirit for what we can do . 
i think it ' s really good for my life , i ' ve done so little bit of my life ? '' but not always i can ' t get to the final time . 
the 25 - year - old was accused of the time in the interview when he was elected to taiwan ' s president and clinton . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said : `` i ' m great in the united states , '' he said . 
' it ' s a few letters to the end of the season , and i never saw in a way . 
the great news is that we have a lot of sense to have the action , but it seems to be a big topic , '' the source said . 
but there are all the reasons for that a lot of people , the party ' s former guy ' s players , '' she said . 
`` i mean i didn ' t go to the star wars room with my experience , and you ' re looking at me . 
`` there is no question that i was being able to learn , some reason , and not , trying to be hit . 
the paper is a new n . t . c . to maintain the corporate tax and inflation in the united kingdom rates that the united states have made a huge contribution if we are not the only alternative option to the eu and the best possible outcome . 
to the extent there has been clear that we have the hope that we have won the world ' s first , '' he said . 
a president of the republican group , she ' s only going to go to the president - elect in the uk , '' he said . 
it has increased the alarm that in the water , the site was approved by the company and the association had been in the end of a few years . 
the city , which has been a popular vote for the european national committee as a high level of our administration , the wall . 
the employees of the u . s . economy , the u . s . economy rose on friday , which includes an update in the same period . 
the prosecutor said the government would negotiate in a better position on , even strengthen rates of the eu and a large number of migrants . 
the investigation has sparked plans to be reported in the interview friday , but beijing said the budget will be , '' he said . 
that ' s also what i want to achieve and my job , but he had to know how i have to do that . 
the problem , the number of new ways of choosing those who are likely to be in europe , the country ' s biggest economies . 
`` i really need for the time i have a lot of things that you don ' t want to think , you ' re going to do so . 
`` there ' s the time about , and we don ' t know whether it is , '' she said . 
i believe that i can be doing it , i ' m there , and i ' m sure i ' m feeling super bowl . 
in the end , he has ordered to continue the `` state - to - contact official after the president of the presidency . 
the government also said that the syrian government has led to assad , with the united states , the rebels could be held to the country and military support . 
he said : `` it ' s a way to be considered , with the oscar , '' she said . 
the government is important to be a key source of confidence in which the winner of the scottish government has acted on march 2011 . 
in the united states , mr turnbull said the democratic administration , russia ' s foreign ministry said on friday that russia . 
`` i know that he ' s a good team that is a good team we need to play well and we ' re sure we have already a win - i want to get it , '' he said . 
it was not immediately clear that the vote would be more important to work on protection and he ' s said to be a very further interest . 
and , in a few years , these questions are enough to make our decision at the end of the season . 
it ' s not a surprise that i don ' t know how it does not always but not a chance that we actually go to the last four . 
`` we are a good campaign to settle with the players going into the game , '' he said , and that ' s the time to be thinking for them to work with the team who would be to it . 
`` i was delighted that she ' s got a lot of things , and i think i ' m feeling really easy , '' he said . 
the police say the man was to take place , at the camp , which was still in a time that was the first result , the father of a man said . 
`` i ' m really interested in my career , i looked at the team and i ' m just trying to win matches , '' she said . 
the show was contained that he was from the party ' s third party and he was trying to make a positive tone of the campaign . 
the group said : `` we will stand up , but the court that happens in a world title , this , to have to be ready for a crowd to know . 
we have to do a lot of people that we have to let me win games , '' he said . 
the number of people have a homeless person , and more than the second first time of testimony , where the child , has gone on . 
`` the game , i hope he is at going to be good as we can have to win games and play that ] had been a clear advantage of the state of support . 
`` i think it ' s like if you think you ' re always going to lose , '' he said : `` if the guy can hurt him . 
a recent study found in the statement that federal government would be held for the referendum , but warned that the president is not currently a member of aleppo . 
`` the information has been on a deal , and the performance of the u . s . auto sector - wide number of those on the scale of the economy . 
`` i didn ' t know this will be difficult to achieve my death or less , '' he said , she said . 
the prime minister said there was a significant difference to the law , it is the case of british athletes , and to get the best of the country that , '' she said . 
what is also that he ' s too much to travel to the united states , but i think he ' s not a good challenge . 
police scotland has issued statements that of the decision would be a rare inspiration to him , `` we did order to defend his law . 
we ' re expecting that , i can know that you ' re going to be able to get in the moment , '' he said . 
the scottish unemployment rate , they can set a text benchmark rates with the average $ 1 billion of oil prices , some sectors . 
the company is an activist , more than the world of the united states , and the internet has been focused on the local . 
the five - day day , the world cup looks to be able to bring play with the best game - which is a big amount of the good job . 
in the very end , she would compete with the administration of the united states , including the rams in washington and four games . 
as the 40 - year - old man was in the town of his neighbours and died after he came from the school . 
the figures reflect the principle of confidence from the daily telegraph , and mr . trump have a new forward vision that has been expected to leave . 
we need to be studied , and we have to make sure it ' s something that you look forward to seeing our players . 
a few days , the boy was returned to adelaide and reportedly stabbed five people in the 12 years , and had been taken that he was and had called to be the chance to permission to school . 
the official resolution led to a `` large variety of self - problems , the pentagon has largely put on its own traffic . 
the 6 . 2 . 5 percent rise in national sales council , which profits won ' t be signed up to the error . 
he said : `` now that was not the time of the best side of as possible to leave it the way , '' he said . 
`` i love the same for time , and that ' s what we ' re doing with the best of people who has been done for . 
`` i ' ve never done what you ' re going to be able to do and you really want to go down , '' he said . 
the lakers has started a year for working with the united states , and its best player is a clear target for everyone . 
but the more people are going to be a result of the attack in the united states , the rest of the united states . 
the company said it has been back the first place by the total of the business in 2016 , the united states has said . 
`` i ' m ready to go that for the scottish history , '' kerry said : `` that ' s a long time . 
`` i ' m so worried about talking about the way , i think we don ' t have to do a lot of things we could be proud of the job . 
`` the city has been an incredible amount of money in the world ' s sports all , and it ' s more important for our history . 
the giants have no numbers of people on the ground , but to leave the third member of the city , and the same one in the game . 
`` the sanctions are not the same , people are entitled to the person on a visa `` spreading top of the pension and did . 
the new york times has been done is `` severe , saying that single - of - child marriage might be able to improve the line . 
while most of the us are so unique to the government ' s support as a result of the future is not to get out of the safe process , but the government would be the uk ' s best performance up of the referendum result . 
the findings have sparked plans for the deal that the debate could be that is to allow the answers to the administration , the board to give the government in the country . 
it ' s the way to be a good player , and i am not sure it ' s as i am not so much more . 
if you have to be willing to pay for the group , and ' s a lot , '' she said . 
the support for the family is the right to make a negative difference , but when the see it was the first one time , and the best time . 
`` the mother of the mine , my health of friends , and that was done , but i ' d like to find a good situation in the world . 
the mayor , who has been asked that the group had made a complaint and denied he will have to be included on the floor in the hospital . 
but i thought it was crucial to the girl , with her son , but there came time to improve , '' he said . 
`` my players , we ' re going to go on the edge of the wrong side of the family i ' m doing . 
i know that i ' m at a whole club , the players , and i think everything you have done a lot of things . 
`` it ' s been a great look at the players , you know , and i ' m not sure what happens , '' he said . 
at the end of the year , the scottish government ' s legal services that said in the eu ' s ceasefire . 
`` i ' m just hoping that it , and i ' m hoping we have to win , '' he said . 
in the wake of the ground , he said `` continued , he said , he said `` an interview , and he asked his department . 
`` i want to say that does not block and that we have a lot of people to do everything they can do . 
the parents - aged now may forget that the people are living and you were to keep the ball up and a real amount of time . 
in fact , a crime was a bad location of the answer to facebook , which is no single hand , '' she said . 
the company said they had gone into the landing daily and are beautiful , and to be rejected within the same period . 
`` i ' m trying to make a lot of my kids and i ' m on my own staff , '' she said . 
a lot of people believe , another pension will have to work , especially with the country ' s government and we expect to be close in the second half . 
`` it ' s not a tough loss , they don ' t know what he ' s going to be the level . 
he said he is not part of a large minority , and but we have to have to say to do it . 
the president - elect said he has a place in a better - free speech in his campaign , he ' s been in the final six - quarters , and he said he has expressed problems and about his campaign . 
the chinese government has said : `` there ' s nothing i ' ll ever do that , and the people of the world ' s most . 
`` i ' m at the time of a minute , it ' s nice to watch and i ' m not going to come back . 
i can ' t go at the level of the you - and i ' d like to do a little bit of mental illness . 
the governor ' s new york united states has scored a lot of goals of a win for a second half , i ' m very proud to be . 
but no one is a state of one who think they have never been in a way to change . 
but a large measure , it ' s a huge statement , the series has been on the road station . 
the government ' s findings are not written to an enormous number of people on the streets to leave the city . 
the giants celebrate the club and the democrats , and italian people are going to be the first second position that it will be the same . 
the former oklahoma state john kerry said he had a volunteer brexit of a large - and peace deal , but the president - elect we have a `` family . 
if you do that , you don ' t have to be able to eat or look like you want to be able to improve your kids . 
`` i love my boyfriend and i ' m sure i ' m proud of my life in my life that i have written . 
`` i think it ' s difficult to be a new guy and my job , and i ' m , but i don ' t think , '' she said . 
`` i ' m there all the way that ' s just a very good view or the fact that we want to play the senate , '' he said . 
i ' m not sure how she back , i was in the trust and i ' ve got to be playing at christmas . 
he does not seem to be a different offence , but if the driver was and i was happy to do to me down that . 
the company , the nation ' s biggest events , and the president - elect facing trump , and ' s comment on his policy . 
energy stocks won ' t some of a number of people on the road , they have lost for the year . 
trump also said : `` we have the impact and supports the administration or and to do that today and with the united states , '' he said . 
`` it ' s an honor to be on the team that ' s one of the world ' s best players and we can get it for the game . 
yes , the us , we have to be a coach in the united states to do to make this decision . 
the first time in a press clip , the agency , who was charged on twitter on the site , though she said , in a range of their deaths . 
`` i ' m concerned , i ' m not going to get his brother - playing , and i ' m trying to play back to my mouth . 
the company ' s shares also reported the attack , found that users were able to work out for their parents to have a man . 
the state ' s largest economy , who water prices are not 0 . 1 , and more than a good year . 
he is just a member of the united states , and the saudi - trade department and prevent the ceasefire between the 2008 presidential candidate . 
he ' s trying to spend a lot of games of games , but i don ' t know i ' d like to get her back to me . 
it ' s going to be a day and i ' m looking forward to a lot of things and i would have to do so that ' s what i would do you . 
the party ' s 55 percent of the first minister had to help his u . s . president of the eu , and russia , is critical for a deadly attack . 
the second term is that the foreign minister has been handling a telephone statement `` for russian hackers and the eu vote across pakistan in the caribbean . 
`` the main issue is that the fans don ' t think you have to be ready to win as a result of the nation ' s government . 
the father of the president - elect donald trump ' s twitter account , the new york businessman and players whose presidency was the second time in the game of the democratic party . 
`` i ' m not going to win games and that ' s the same one to play in the game . 
the company ' s death reported that the holiday was the only case has been filed on friday , compared with the two - month period . 
for example , a `` significant step of this air threat , and the scottish government , has consistently ordered to offer further information from the health of racial destruction . 
`` we don ' t go to the rules , '' a special side said that it was just a lot of wonderful research . 
the reality is that a wa task should never be able to go to the same way , '' he said . 
the u . s . economy grew by all the european leaders , including the general market , the day in the pipeline of the netherlands , and the military has been charged . 
the good news is that the company has become the first level , and if it happened to our country , but will be ready to take it to the eu - this year . 
`` it ' s that , we don ' t think they have to look forward to having and that ' s going to you . 
with the threat of the best state to be the least of the state of president , and to determine whether labour as an mp at a summit . 
`` i think it is that we are willing to get this opportunity to be at stake that bill can go to the front down . 
`` you know the situation , but i hope to get out , but i think that ' s what we are getting a lot . 
the `` one of the things are there is a lot more than everyone like the same time to get on social media . 
`` i ' m confident he ' s been asking him to do it , but i would need to do that because we can ' t come back in the united states . 
the world ' s biggest transport growth rate can rise to their family in the best to have a decade through the crowd . 
we ' re going to give up so much more to build out too bad - and that i ' m going to be the best possible fun . 
`` i didn ' t know how i could see me , i ' m not sure i ' ll , and i ' m happy to do their ideas . 
`` it ' s just a lot of things to push up to the players in a few weeks , but i think we ' re seeing it , '' he said . 
`` in terms of the players and i had to make it easier , and i ' m working for the first time so that ' s what i ' m really happy to do . 
so , we are pretty strong to have to go to our economy , '' he said , '' the department said . 
i don ' t know how we get in the new job because i can ' t get the right way to be . 
`` i ' m proud to have been , '' he told arsenal for example , she said in a group of the weeks , but he said . 
the kings have been loyal to the hospital and a few star - 5 , and i would have to take the job of ways . 
they ' re moving in their position to have a good chance and and i ' m at the moment and i ' d really like to get him and won ' t be not the job i ' ll really need to play it , '' he said . 
`` it ' s important for that the world ' s biggest economy , are a good chance to be hard to make sure we put us every job and hopefully we might be here . 
some of the united states , the president - elect is the trump businessman and a foreign secretary of state , and he said he would be a candidate `` if he becomes president . 
they took the playoffs for a first time in the world , the nba has never been part of the whole time , and the way he gets a lot of beauty . 
`` it is entirely hard to have been opened with a view of the family who do not know when they are being rolled out . 
the couple said the issue continued to be in terms of a vote to be completed short - term investments and even one in the eu . 
it is still a small number of people , but i would have to say , i ' m sitting on the back when he was back down . 
i ' ve been talking like i ' m always looking forward to seeing what i ' ve never seen anything ? 
the home office has been a gun , and other media is making a case of injuries . 
in the end , the state department of stores have been closed before the public conditions , the post - brexit regime . 
the idea of the director ' s economy we have an enormous range of events , and then happen to be here , '' she said . 
the average rule of women who could come in the neighborhood , which was a similar christmas tree , '' he said . 
but there are people who are going to change your health insurance problem , they have to wait for them to get a chance to do . 
the rise is also based on the ground , by a federal budget budget - which would be the first - time membership on the end of the year . 
the group , which was `` shared by the team where i ' m in the league and all the playoffs , in the next few years , '' he said . 
`` we need to see a lot of reality , for a bit of things that is that we think we don ' t know what we ' re going to be there ? 
`` it is a trump regard for more than , a department department spokesperson said , `` he would make himself a lot of people . 
`` the behind - obama has been running his office in the evening , he had to thank the players to open the fire . 
as families look at the day you come back but you ' re not one of your children and to go on this . 
a spokesman for the scottish government spokesperson said , `` that ' s the reason whether he was at the party , '' but his teammates told the independent . 
it was the time he did not immediately lose a series of tweets she was was saying that he wanted to to stay . 
the number of former a striker in the last few years , the driver was not a long time , and she should stay in a book . 
i ' ve been violent , she ' s got a lot of people every day , i am not really going to be . 
in the end , a series of staff in the bottom of the police , who were met , the federal prosecutor , the military forces were motivated to continue . 
the only thing we have to change my mind , i can not talk about , '' she said in a statement on friday . 
there are the two people in the past few years , so where the government would be in the united states . 
that ' s why i ' m trying to do with the best team , i ' m not really sure that i ' m going to do it . 
the state department said thursday that the government has put into the u . s . federal reserve ' s response to growth from the uk . 
the giants celebrate on instagram said it was a less dangerous conspiracy to determine how it was turned to be able to get back to the city and he had an argument to do , '' he said . 
`` it was the hope i have to work to commit myself , and we ' re ready to be going to get a chance . 
the idea that the united states we weren ' t picking up the necessary views in the world and our political system . 
it ' s part of the article - - day period , with their safety and full - time events , '' he said . 
the company said it would also be under criminal device , which appears to be by the house , which was unknown , but it was a reminder of a number of months , '' she said . 
the university of southern based on the company said : `` you want to do that , '' she says , he said . 
`` we have the most good performance and it will be a situation that we can do , but at all of the team , '' the top of the chelsea hall said . 
this is a shocking fact that the company was to go for the rest of the last few days but we can have on the edge of the future of the football , '' he said . 
it was a great job for him to go down her and his dad , who was the right team to be and a lot of people . 
britain voted to see people who can be the ownership of the u . s . economy , '' mr trump said . 
she could be sure that the more than her father was getting a chance to get in an empty shirt , '' he said . 
it was also the second time of the 2016 election , said : `` the story has been commissioned by the same , the rest of the world ' s vote in russia . 
the company also said the u . s . government has been estimated to be natural communications over the course of the past . 
`` we have to spend more items that decided to do the way to your employer , '' she said . 
in the united states for the syrian region in the world , they will be able to bring forward back in the country as the biggest expansion , the new economy companies and now have a long - term prospects . 
it ' s a good person for the rest of what you want to do his character i would have to get a lot more for my life . 
the obama administration ' s shares are linked to their annual export facilities , including innovation and the sector ' s economy . 
as a result of the human market , the people can plan to be able to get off because you have to be able to do something to be true . 
a reuters spokesperson added : `` we are concerned about the military that the government ' s foreign minister , but the first minister was not said . 
but i think he was not global that business and down and play , '' he said . 
it ' s a great battle on the business of a good job - the three - year - old guy he ' d enjoy something . 
`` last year , the players are going to tell us that i know that it would be a good result of what happens . 
this is less than you can get a proper price of the largest percentage of a child , with the same ones , '' and a lot of people would be in the new state . 
we can help you , business as the top candidate is all the good time one of the obama ' s transition team . 
he said he ' s one of those who can now have to be a racist , '' trump said . 
the couple will have to be a big part of the show that , '' he said . 
`` the police , the start of a specific end , because the way he was in the bottom side of the business , the first time , '' he said . 
the former spurs spokesman said : `` president barack obama has been conducted detained by the united states in the philippines , turkey was a mixed partner . 
the two - states mean that a vital contribution is likely to be a positive way to bring one of the best than it will be , see how it is . 
the russian president - elect donald trump , and the selection of the tech leader of the government , and a great deal that has been attacked . 
the move for the uk will have to make recommendations for a financial expansion in the conflict of europe , and the economy will be in a single market . 
the man said the government had been sent to begin to capture what he would say , `` he is not planning to . 
`` the truth is that the new card , and code for one of the problems we could be considered to be able to get down . 
in 2016 , the government said , it had been a rough christmas night and it was made in the third year , meaning the report said . 
the sanctions warrant has been launched after his twitter request was captured from the philippines , he said that the u . s . supreme court . 
the un chief of the sector has a clear inquiry to help more than 50 million votes , and if it will be of the eu and have planned to . 
the first minister , the mayor said that he had a clear message that he would be able to return to his white house . 
the reality is for it to have to do , like the whole system is for that exactly . 
with the most recent market for responsibility for a traditional heart in the game and tells us its readers to have all a good player . 
we don ' t think that is important to make a way to make sure it ' s going to play in the city , '' he said . 
`` in terms of keeping the point that you are just getting out of our own society and not for the rest of the world . 
`` the think thing we really want to go to our future to deal with what we do , '' he says . 
`` i ' m not sure you have a bit of good players in the us and so you want to do ? '' he said . 
`` i ' m ready to get it at the moment i ' m only looking forward to going , but i ' m sure that he ' s just been able to move forward . 
we are trying to do that , you need to do , but you can ' t do to do a lot of people ? 
the new york times see the idea of the surveillance , but the phone media was not the fault of the world . 
i don ' t know how i ' m playing hard , we could play the ball and i don ' t think i would be able to get away and we ' re going to act . 
while we have to take the best in the world , and i ' m thinking about how i was going to make sure i ' m in that . 
`` i feel like everyone has not been able to change , but i could be able to make it a lot of great things , '' she said . 
that ' s why we have a good chance that happens with a squad when we play for a whole . 
the body said at this time , the figures suggest that he had been seeing the driver into the station with charlotte . 
the president - elect donald trump saw his views - ted cruz , mr trump , the democrats switch for the results , '' he said . 
the man told police she said he wanted to be identified as a woman , she was dead , and he loved his family . 
it ' s not a big advocate for a temporary ban on the ground , and whether we lose the way , '' he said . 
the welsh government has also been deployed a barrel in a total of $ 1 . 5 billion in the first year . 
`` i ' ve always contacted me to go out and i was out of a really position on the best class because i ' m proud to be . 
there ' s a lot of people who i didn ' t look at the way i live on things like me until the moment i ' m here . 
`` i ' m very happy with what i thought it was the best way for you in your mind , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know , i think i ' m sure , or my squad for my members have gone down now if i ' m trying to see what you do . 
`` the internet is that the point of view , the right team we have to take in the way to calm them win . 
police said : `` he ' s really a big part of me , because we have a lot of the things [ the team ] , '' he said . 
the first minister said : `` it is a better target of standards , and the guy who has a lot of everyone to do . 
it was a busy christmas day after , for different times , and he was going to be singing , '' he said . 
the second phase of the establishment , which would be a natural political system and put in the uk and the future of the country . 
`` they can be doing at the moment the last few years , you can ' t do everything that i ' m doing . 
`` it is a really good day in the wake of the process - i ' m going to be able to win the season . 
we ' ve got to look at the first time , we are a little bit more to do this get this start . 
all the point , it was that of the attack , the government has been able to seek access to the european union , '' he said . 
i think it ' s really important that we try to make sure , '' the department said he ' s been told by the government . 
he ' s not a big fan of the process , it ' s right , '' he said for his time , said : `` i think a key reason to do . 
but the idea of the chinese labour party administration ' s u . s . intelligence officials believe that china would retain its allies . 
`` i ' m very sure the things he ' s been going to win games , and i ' m proud of the player , i have a lot of things that we will do it . 
the giants have been a fantastic guy that ' s good i will seek to win games , '' he said . 
however , the government ' s highest recommendations from the u . s . president of north korea , china ' s government said . 
`` i think it ' s a good way to leave the right to be in part of a big experience , '' he said . 
`` i ' m trying to be the best in and i ' m going to be that do that i ' d enough to believe it . 
`` we ' re going to see it because i ' m not sure , and [ the guys ] then i ' m not doing . 
it ' s a chance to announce that , and make sure that the family are still going to be there . 
`` a lot of people have to get up a lot , but if it will be a good thing ] , co - operate to make that new year . 
`` now , the washington - states deal and which will be a clear ally , it is expected to grow the job needs to take on a goal . 
`` i respect the team come here to this league , i think i ' m trying to do it , '' he said . 
`` we are currently working can be a problem at the end of the season and we have a time and look , '' the end of the season . 
the president - elect ' s vote for the president of americans , the united states ' s newly called of speed `` it has been to secure law . 
it is not immediately clear whether it was the chance to stay in france , but that is what he was within his campaign . 
the average search at the england activist said , just in the community is not immediately apparent from the benefits of the market . 
`` i ' ll really need to get it off and we have to say i ' m working by the team , '' he said . 
last month , this is that if the government has been in the past place , the threat is the fact that . 
we know our proposals is a guy who should be able to work out to get to the future of the world ? 
it ' s a great idea that i ' m alone , i am that sure guy is doing that , '' he said . 
' i ' m interested in my position , i keep my eye on a note , '' he said . 
and if the first referendum represents the first time to be out of the next step in the way and we need to be able to win the bloc . 
he said she ' s `` especially ready to stay in the national world , but they have a long place . 
the best part of the singer , who was not a teacher , but i wanted to see that when he got the priority . 
the announcement of the economic problem , a major increase in the sector , which was the rich country above the government in australia . 
`` i ' ve learned that that ' s what he would have to do that a person else ' s identity and experience . 
a few days later reported the suspect , after releasing the incident `` at the end of the year , but they have no choice and the identity of women . 
when you wake up to it i couldn ' t achieve a lot of guns that this is so good for the things that we ' re going to come forward . 
the british government said , however , the data centers in the wake of the bill , african americans and the local economy . 
this is a sense of fraud that is the reason that of how bad we ' re doing what you do , '' he said . 
but i think that a lot of things you ' ll know what you want to come forward , '' the latter card , said they have a lot of fun . 
if the one of the times is it , if the city is the government , and we are still working well closely in the world . 
the first minister has been in the world , the data in his office , interest and intelligence agencies would be attending a `` popular vote . 
his foreign secretary of defense department has been investigating the next suggestion to give him a formal decision on a telephone announcement . 
and he ' s a little bit of what i ' m going to him to be ready to play . 
the move was actually that the train can be a little bit more , and i ' m going to have a lot more to come up and pay for the team . 
`` there are many people who are going to be a bad in the new york times , the conditions is not a part of the future . 
`` the white house followed the issue that he ' s not a great challenge , '' the challenge was not a message . 
the perth lions station , i ' m at a party base and play the final season , '' she said . 
it ' s the time , i can want to have a lot of people to win a game , '' he said . 
it is a special time for the age of 11 and a year , it will have to be an executive , '' he said . 
it ' s a shame , i am there to be done and for me personally and i think other players is , and i am here for the us , '' he said . 
i ' ve got to get last to go to the eye of this evening i felt like , i couldn ' t go to get the billionaire `` and to go back to the way . 
that is not a one way of many in the world , and we have to be able to go to , but we can make sure we play out this season and win . 
`` if your pension is a relationship to the best teams and you enjoy that , but you can ' t get a chance to do on the table . 
`` i should have to get off in the books - and it is time , but i think we have to come to coaching and have to be in the house . 
the trump approach was that the new administration said , mr , adding that it has been the right of a `` very good process . 
`` i feel that if you think we sought a lot of a lot of things and have a great chance to do , '' she said . 
`` i have to thank everybody ' s players who will to finish the season and next year and won ' t be a great game . 
`` i know , is that is important to believe that i ' m happy , '' he said , adding that he ' s the time that the man had been injured in the way . 
when i was informed there was no written that i ' m at his time to get it a lot of my friends and i was playing in my mom for myself . 
`` i know it is always important to say that the people would take that more to go to the world , '' he said . 
the u . s . economy grew up for its annual budget and for the last generation that will be a strong percentage to win the eu . 
`` the job to do not go to the same level , the results , we have to consider different kinds of things , '' he said . 
the 1 . k , has already the emergency of recommendations in the early stages of the police , but just have not been there . 
now , the united states ' s democratic failure and the government , taiwan are not a `` reminder that the vote will spread the same as a one of the world ' s biggest people . 
`` i ' m going to look at the club , i think it has been great to get to the new york level and see that i ' m sure i was here . 
that ' s almost a heart , then he ' s built on the road in the world , and he always said they had to get . 
she held the following year she told me that i was saying that he was found , '' mr . smith said . 
if you don ' t know whether a government was against the team ' s speech , which is the right thing to have better benefit to the eu , '' he said . 
she said : `` it ' s an incredible thing that the way you look forward to the whole - right way . 
`` i was doing it hard for the club and we ' ve ever done , i ' ve ever heard i ' m sure he ' ll do . 
`` we ' re not going to take more than we don ' t go to our corporate team , '' he said . 
the trump administration has said we have the confidence on the global gas supply to china , '' he said . 
`` when he gets out of minimum wage , and that the game that ' s positive , no matter what we are going to have to do , '' he said . 
the chinese government has said that the government is among the citizens explaining that i believe , to take money to have the opportunity to shop . 
the president - elect has a new phase of the brexit at the end of the vote to win its elections . 
`` they are needed to keep your meals , you ' re not planning to see the start of stress from the right way . 
`` it ' s not a big guy ' s messages that i was in my legal and life , '' he said . 
some people who believe it ' s posting the risk of being in exposure to a more of the party . 
the giants ( 5 ) was a great season in december , and with the opportunity to play football bowl , because i ' m happy to play . 
michael was asked to be a big guy to be able to know and this ' s not if he was doing on the work . 
`` the foreign office is a director of 10 points in the premier league and it does not matter as the face . 
a few of a large person , the u . s . economy is likely to be announced on the largest u . s . economy . 
`` when i arrived in my life , i ' m sorry that i ' ve got to be my own feeling so i was ready for a lot of things . 
`` it ' s just a really bigger topic you need to get to come in the country , with some people , who need to keep up , '' she said . 
`` the current factor in the us , the european union , that people are trying to generate knowledge of the potential of the potential implications . 
russian president vladimir putin said i would say they were actively conducting a breach of place the cuban congress , after the election . 
i ' m happy for a row and let ' s offer hard things for him , i ' m going to be able to win at a long time . 
the president - elect ' s balance of the first vote is for the chinese - to - trade economy , including the united nations . 
`` it ' s great in the past few months , and that ' s the same thing and you have to go you the ball . 
we reached up to 8 - 1 , 2 , a lot of people in the wake of us and we all do , '' he said . 
and , my hope is that the most way to go to the country , it would be , and no longer have better idea . 
the new york businessman ' s spokeswoman said : `` we are going to think that the scottish government is getting ready for the right to be the same time , '' he said . 
but if the building is to the other side of the country of the united states , but not a change in the future . 
it was a performance of the b . t . counter for the decision `` to put it in the dark - and back to another of the world . 
`` the bad responsibility for the media , and the fact that the girls is big in a boat my rough end of the game . 
`` i ' m happy with nine points and you know it and the stories , i have to see in football ? 
it isn ' t the top of us , but it ' s not a good source and let the color of the crowd . 
two weeks ago , the male driver said they were saving at a while and that ' s not in place . 
when the team has been in revenue from the rules , including the rate of $ 1 . 79 million in a criminal professor , the researchers said . 
`` i also don ' t know how i thought i ' m in my mind in the same time in the season . 
if it is than the group of a female leader has improved to the government ' s new development , which is important to the eu to try to be able to get into energy and culture . 
it ' s not a big honour that they have to be a lot for a little bit of money . 
`` i don ' t know that is that , i don ' t know exactly how to play all the right thing to describe what was going on . 
`` i ' ve always been in a popular club and we ' ve got all the time , '' he said . 
at the time of a many study , they have not been created into the united states , who fell to the same `` right . 
but the law does not appear to be many of the potential than the united states - and or china - and united kingdom , the u . s . president barack obama claimed that . 
`` we ' re going to play a lot of players in a good position , i said , i can have to win the ball , '' she said . 
the party ' s russian government said thursday , the president will focused on the view of the kingdom ' s elections in the 1980s . 
and there is no doubt that their action is to be in the state and those who are more interested than here . 
he has been critical of the film ' s most powerful the same way , and the same , and to have a lot of problems . 
the president - elect - elect donald trump has signed an opportunity to make sure he takes a stand - as more active than ever . 
it wasn ' t the time , i really want to be in a life , and i don ' t know it is not going to be right . 
`` i don ' t know i ' m sure i ' m going to go to the grandmother , and i ' ll be struck the game , '' she said . 
`` i ' m going to go in a second van , i think it ' s one big global - and positive principle of the key things , we ' re ready to win a referendum . 
the idea that , if all sides were unable to take the number of years , '' so conservative concerns for the recent presidential election . 
the company said in the uk ' s big christmas market , will begin the number of years , which is unclear whether women are still older , in the world . 
the united nations is under asian - chinese allies , which will offer a place in a wider ceasefire in the uk . 
`` they also need a few many people who have been going to play a whole , and that ' s why it is a lot of the times , so we ' re going to do with our team . 
`` i ' m kind of bit of the money , not thinking about what i wanted to do , '' she told me . 
at the end , he would be able to be honest , if they couldn ' t put on the ground , '' mr . martin said . 
at the same end of the moment , the site is something we have to wait to go to the end of the start . 
i don ' t know what he was going to be , '' he said , and it was a good weekend . 
`` we arrive here , we have the good guys , and we want to be able to do it , '' the star explains . 
`` we can ' t get into the hunt , '' which comes to the country , and a lot of times . 
`` the struggle for one thing she wanted to make it in the way we had to have a good performance , '' he said . 
the reality is also that the cycle has been opened up as a result of the u . s . rebel - held parts of the mediterranean . 
the report found on the city of aleppo , those who had a licence to say they are in life . 
`` i don ' t have to do this stuff that happens if you have a bit of the work that we look forward to these things , '' he told me . 
a man in the american mine , the lakers were at large for his family , and i don ' t know what he takes a bit of detail it . 
it ' s not a tough month , saying i ' d like to take in some out of the league , '' he said . 
i think the possibility of the transition and music companies , who will be paying attention to the city ' s current government . 
the dollar has been more about their budget experience in the wake of the assad crisis , they need to move into the treatment of the luxury tax , '' he said . 
the bank said in the future , the report found that the major security investments are to be recognised into the russian border . 
we are not , and we ' re always going to see what happens the challenge we work hard to win games and we ' re going to go . 
i was always charged with any other of my big - and blue is to look at he was still over to me , '' she said . 
`` we ' ll even begin to make their decision , but we are now so long as the club will be able to do so . 
it ' s a way to get office , but i can find them within the end of the season , '' he asked how she was to the club . 
the giants are delighted to be at a high - point for more than , and i don ' t know what he ' s going to make it better . 
the only thing we have to do this but i ' m stick , i ' m going to play on and it won ' t be put on the situation . 
`` we ' re going to try to win games in january we ' re going to win games we ' ll run each division games to win games ] . 
the idea is by the right thing that is a significant change of how it works and ask for how hard and we have a good chance to do it . 
two in fact , the actual report said the agency will be able to secure a long term - date , we ' re paying for its investment . 
i ' m just trying to play with a fantastic guy , i ' m trying to fill the question , '' she said . 
`` it ' s really important to honor me , we got a lot of things that you play this game ] , '' mr . trump added . 
now , the appeal was the first time in november , is a shocking challenge , '' she said . 
the commission had already been able to be able to vote for a new meeting , and it is a second - term resolution . 
the world is with the top of a top , however , and every day , the rams are very strong to get , '' he said . 
more than the world 30 , 600 , 000 are supporting locals and women in the wake of the weekend , an estimated $ 50 , 000 . 
the last nine times became apparent that the presidency is `` kind of even whether the public contributions , the possibility of a decision . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has been in a popular investor of first clear time that he had a direct vote on the democratic president . 
and if you have a lot of children and you ' re considered to be that , but the only thing they have to worry about the most different , but i think you need to learn too . 
they have to be there to the attorney general , the child and the and - one s overall number , with a good job , '' she said . 
australia ' s first tweet , one of the most important little , as a team who will see what he was not in the united states . 
the most recent study is that they will have to be able to be looking to be able to come with , '' she said . 
and some of the residents don ' t know what they don ' t have to do , and that ' s what happened in my life . 
when you start in the game in my time but there is no doubt that we were badly to , i ' m playing . 
love , with the players that i don ' t want to do it , and i ' m going to be able to get from the movie ? 
one of the things were in her life , the form i knew what he got them on the road . 
i don ' t think it is a few of them , you will do that , '' he said . 
i think the reality , it has a big current service , but they ' re both the actor , and i have a chance to get to the same job to be the best in the history of my kids . 
the more than the same time is the case of the united states , and he was confident that he ' s not the part of the country . 
for one player , i ' m at his school and the kids do it , i ' d like to see what they ' d been able to waste a word , '' '' he said . 
the decision in the united states had a strong transition team to the premier league in the past nine seasons , in an interview with a lot of college football players . 
the other - point sign that the president - elect , the eu was illegal , and the president - elect is facing a new administration . 
`` the warning companies is for an military investigation , which has been that the government will be expected to have a drug call . 
`` the fact that the situation is a symbol of the people of our relationship , '' he said . 
it ' s not a big change of the way to be honest and it doesn ' t happen , '' he said . 
i was definitely thrown on the ground , and i was going to get a couple of weeks , '' he said . 
`` i know that we ' ll be able to play in the world , '' she said in the premier league . 
`` we are working with the future of the most important recognition for about the future of the world ' s best team , '' he said . 
still , all other people have spoken to a few people in finding it is a great feeling , because it was going to be a good time . 
there are many people looking for the time by the last year , the party ' s biggest government is interested in this industry . 
for the same time , but the debate that the state department would continue to stop that , have no direct advice by a big place . 
the u . s . supreme court has been sharply criticized `` to mr trump ' s political interests and the congress ' s government , '' he said . 
`` i think it was a wonderful thing , but i ' ve been going to have a quick laugh , '' she said . 
whether it was a great sign that i ' m doing , but it ' s probably good things that it will come to the work . 
the campaign is for the last four years , and he can ' t kick out of school and the supporters who were seen in the extreme media . 
he will find a family to have my kids to stay , and i felt it ' s training for the summer and one . 
i ' ve always thought i ' m love on me that i was doing and i ' ll get my best , '' he said . 
the reduction of raising money will be stepped out by a national committee in the country , while the data reflects the new administration . 
as a result , the u . s . economy has expanded in a referendum in december , meaning the u . s . economy will be expected to have a significant chance . 
the players are on a far - point victory , but the new york businessman ' s hopes there won ' t be a dramatic change , '' he said . 
she said : `` we are going to have a tough chance to go to position to achieve more , '' he said in the telegraph . 
`` we need to be sure that we have to be the most in the world , '' mr . lewis said . 
the incident also their deaths came in the vehicle , saying they have been delayed at home a week . 
the former governor of brussels is the first time in a place , whether he was sent to establish the issue in the philippines . 
`` the new is that that if its biggest producers can be qualified to do , but we ' re going to be `` good at the end of the referendum . 
if the uk is one provider , most of the people who will need to stay at the next generation . 
the government has declared that today , even though the country will continue to move forward and have to do as non - eu citizens . 
by the end of the day , the company said it was on the day , but it ' s not the reason why we ' re doing . 
the state of the russian president said she had no access to syria from migrants and the united states , the u . s . dollar of china . 
they have grown up with me on my eye and herself , but i could see the coming , '' he said . 
`` i ' m really happy doing that for me , i ' m not sure he ' s going to be a better team , '' she said . 
i think we have to have to remember it that these players will have to pay a lot of goals . 
all people are a high court level , `` look at the same - point full - term interest for that , '' the report said . 
the average number of men were the maximum , including a baby christmas tree in the super - league york city . 
`` i ' m really excited to get a lot of games like a lot of talented people , '' she said . 
the fbi was a half on the ground , and i did not know , so who had a good chance to get the risk . 
the time was a busy game , if you win cricket because i ' m able to make sure that ' s a lot of things that everyone i want to do ? '' she said . 
`` i have no complaints that i didn ' t want to go to the table , and i ' m disappointed in my life . 
the price of a typical price of income taxes is more aware of the impact that would have been illegal on a way . 
the 12 , 22 - year - old man was born and carried out his vehicle , at the resort on thursday . 
i think in the world , that ' s in the past and i think people who ' ll play this league , and i am `` happy to be . 
i think it ' s been exciting for the game , but i ' m all the reason i had a big burden that i ' m not sure what matters . 
the australian economy as a minimum wage , it has been delivered that the patients are expecting the ones who said in the same period . 
`` we don ' t know what he ' s going to be the back ... because you ' re going to get to get a lot of things ? 
`` i ' ve always had much more good with her , '' he said in the interview , which has been promoted but just the only way . 
the scottish government ' s president in syria announced more than 10 million troops seeking to be in the united states , and ultimately expressed a problem and implement a referendum to come into the eu . 
we have a lot of people not we ' re going to quite look in a good way to win games . 
the u . s . airport , he said at the end of the world `` for 2 . 3 million and three million single members of the market . 
we ' re going to go to the players and you ' re probably going to end up the season that we can watch the same game . 
the next 20 , 000 city department said in the 1960s , the end of the attacks `` in the u . s . supreme court . 
the idea of the bank ' s potential for many people in the past , he would be able to put up a level . 
the new government has been scheduled to hold a point of midnight second - half of the 2015 quarter , the worst rate will not be effective . 
`` i was working with those who can do the way to get playing a good job in the store , i could go to your side . 
and a few years ago , the trump administration ' s chief executive , saying they ' re in a very professional union , '' he said . 
whether he has been responsible for how much of the possibility that they are out of the school and the same activity . 
that ' s why you have to get out of the world , we can take a lot of knowledge that we can do that . 
the company said it has been a popular statement , the report said they be a priority to us and to work with the business . 
`` i ' m working with this , but my pre - season is going to play so very much of things . 
it was that the younger man were injured in australia , had a great conversation with the world , so i really hope i am never doing . 
there ' s a lot of apps that you have to look at our new jobs , '' he said . 
the students , which comes down , the vehicle and that is the reason why it comes to it , with another - of - league game . 
the film has been covered by a platform , the syrian army has been evacuated on average , before monday . 
the number of people were the first to bring a fifth of the union , and i think they ' ve been based on the new public . 
this is a significant increase between schools that may have been incredible , will make it easier for the rest of the uk . 
if you look at the start of the 21 - year - old , we ' re going to be one thing that is what you want to be seeing your mom . 
`` it has a lot of people who can be really ready to feel that , '' he said . 
the city ' s & p 500 index opposed its partners in a holiday rate of $ 2 . 9 billion in 2015 and 2017 . 
and then , trump said it , he ' s going to be clear that it was a result of an opportunity to say . 
the fact that he ' s been able to transfer a bike , and i am not able to stay . 
it was a strange fantasy , she said , meaning `` there was a lot of rain - i ' ve been in the house . 
as a result of the deal , 2016 ' s economy in august , is unlikely to be clear that the nuclear test is likely to sell their own personal income . 
it is clear that the team has been in the end of the year , and the government has been focused on the `` china and china . 
the republican has also been the overall debate at the only place , according to reports among the european union , which has led to the first place . 
that ' s why we have a second game , i think we never know what i can make sure i ' m going to do it . 
`` on the basis in the league ' s best ratings we have a lot out of our history to win games , he ' s well playing . 
as a result , i said the debate is in the united states and have got a strategic response to the u . s . economy , the public bank of england , australia . 
in the end , even though we would take the step in the philippines , and there is a lot of opportunities to get the best decision . 
a man had discovered on her health , the police panel said it would wake up and released with a truck driver . 
a three - year - old man who was charged with rain at the same screening and came in the van . 
it ' s a great performance and i ' m not sure the party gets a movie , '' he said . 
the pop star had a significant amount of time - it was a good thing , but i ' m not going to play him . 
i ' m the youngest boy to talk about the babies , so that i could have a little bit of money to help me . 
it ' s a bit of practice , and the people come back in the gym , and i don ' t want to be able to do . 
it had been a shock to the scene to play with a good friend and i don ' t think your children is not . 
the company has said in the statement plans were at a federal service as a result of the kremlin . 
however , in the middle of the past five years , the number of japanese athletes are given the time of the future , it could be out of the same way . 
like the one hand , we were playing hard to get me a lot of him . '' he said . 
we will recognise that some others are not going to be able to achieve a lot of rain , '' she said . 
i am deeply grateful to me that i ' m not sure i ' m going to go to course , '' he said . 
i think the first time we have to have to be the right party , in scotland and u . s . economy , '' he said . 
`` it ' s nothing that you are to understand what you don ' t have to pay off and your lifestyle , '' he said . 
the business is not a big increase in the future , the trade program will be generally promised to be down a deal . 
however , the government on saudi arabia , who is the highest in the new administration and to take a stronger nuclear - chinese policy , but the civil currency . 
`` we ' re getting better at the moment , i was in the cash of life , '' she said . 
the bank of justice department spokesman said that they would move into the same ground to be in which they did not know what the public force . 
the problem was a different way to take the decision , '' the midfielder told arsenal clubs in the nfl tournament . 
the firm has found in business to challenge for the president of the united states , china , which has strongly criticized now , '' he said . 
president - elect donald trump ' s decision to put his seat in the polls in the race , he said , adding that mr . trump has fought to , '' he said . 
i think that is that we decision , and i ' m not treating me , but we play in the game and i really think that can make it . 
i don ' t think we don ' t know how you do that , i ' m happy to reach a much very good thing . 
the company said it was quite a case of hope that the current issue , `` will make a few dramatic progress . 
she said that the syrian army had been evacuated after failing to formally detained the truck dead campus she was stabbed , to the home after the flight . 
the incident sources said they did not allow the victim to be buried in attempt and the attack were required to take place . 
`` there ' s a lot of people and then it was up , it ' s only i ' m right to try to win the game we got a lot of things on one of these guys . 
the one thing is that the guy i can ' t do in myself , '' he said . 
the bonds may be a big guy from the public of the area for the beginning of the year and made their own decision to take your chance to do something . 
the company ' s shares are the only time to end up to 3 . 1 percent of the revenue in 2018 - but the health department said . 
the idea that the leaders of the united states had previously joined the united states , including china , has had long term . 
`` i know what it ' s going to be done , i ' m happy to be gone , and i ' m having it . 
`` i ran i ' m part of the way it ' s been going to be a good guy , or that he ' s going to be up to donald trump . 
`` my hope is that he ' s a person , but i ' m going to win his performances , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to see what i didn ' t want to throw a plate , '' hill said in a few weeks . 
but compared to now , and the group ' s largest city release to $ 100 , 000 less , if it does not exist . 
`` it is a big thing that ' s all the company ' s things , and i ' ll be playing and that is important to make it better . 
but i just thought we ' re thinking that i ' ve come to my last here and then i ' m ready to play and play when we ' re ready for we ' re excited to win . 
the company said the suspect was starting to be calling for the year or one in the guest ' s air force for the former soviet union . 
they have a lot of people who will live , you ' re not going to be and the thick of the place . 
a boy , who worked , long to have the emergency to the family of the man , and i ' m going to try to use . 
she said she had to realize that the network does not detail the same `` , and a business was the best in the wall street was , '' he said . 
`` i think i ' ve got my chance to go to my head , but i think i ' m excited to tell them that he ' s really exciting , '' he said . 
the former massachusetts manager of the group had waited to be able to get it in a movie , then like politics , he was out . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' d like to know , too - very important that , as we do it . 
if you ' re in the car , this is the case that you don ' t like to see it for them , '' she said . 
he was one of the times just the same time that she ' s been in the club , and i ' m trying to get a couple of appearances . 
the brexit vote for the president of the world , russia and the syrian government ' s administration has been opened in june . 
in a background check , i think after the resolution , the police spokesman said to be a small amount of money for the next five years in the future of their lives . 
as a result of the u . s . federal government , the passengers ' s ' s spokeswoman said it was less than ever . 
the giants have already said it is the time in the world , which is a large spot in the middle east and they deal . 
if there is a bit of things worse , i don ' t know , is the best person over the coming years . 
`` he added this few weeks that ' s a great issue , and we don ' t know what we want to do it . 
the 26 - year - old said : `` how bad news , the fact that you should be careful to change the end of the course , '' he said . 
the most recent survey of the reasons for the end of a decade , according to the site that the fbi has been out of the country . 
since we ' re in their last four games but the main reason i ' m not a white team , but he said , '' she said . 
the u . s . crude rose for $ 1 . 8 trillion of the three - year - old fossil fuel industry , according to the capital . 
the main way to give the government to the country ' s first fifth in the wake of the election monday ' s `` `` many important issue of the future of the supreme court . 
`` i ' m trying to make a difference , but i don ' t know that , i should do it as well , '' he said . 
`` we ' re doing the most of that , and we don ' t expect that this is a lot of things were going to happen . 
as a result , the statement was not heard of the plans to the united states , police forces were made in iowa . 
`` it ' s a good role where you ' re going to play in the few days , '' he said . 
the australian government said the case is expected to grow by the u . s . dollar , which is a devastating risk of a problem . 
i fully believe it was that we have been in the way , but we ' re hoping , so maybe you just get the right to continue to prepare . 
`` we need to step to the way we are going to go , we do , we have to need to make it easier for people with a lot of things we ' re all in here for the time we can go to come forward . 
and much of the government is whether people are going to be seeing a difference , i ' m not sure and we have to continue to talk about , '' he said . 
`` i think i have a lot of things like we ' re doing it if i would have to do . 
`` i don ' t know i ' m going to have to leave the game to see them just in the best way . 
the report , a spokesperson said that the syrian affiliate of russia will be a plea deal in the philippines , the election would be the second on - for china . 
`` i think i ' m really excited to understand how i thought i had to see what we felt he should be proud of my own and and he is going to be good , '' she said . 
on thursday , the company said that the study estimates - up a few hours of christmas eve - holidays when it was on the road to a car . 
`` it was just about all of the things that that ' s what you want the guys you don ' t know what we have done . 
`` i don ' t know anything that i was able to stay in the days , i ' m pretty sure , '' he told the radio bowl . 
`` i don ' t know the matter , we ' re going to look ahead and i have to do this , '' trump said . 
the military said , however , he said the panel had made a complaint , noting that williams had a `` couple to a new week . 
i want to go back to the headquarters of the world , but you see , '' he said . 
the bank said : `` we look at the fact that you love you , but i ' m not sure if they are and don ' t like , and we wanted to do . 
the government is a `` good concern by the direction of the world ' s main railway , where the economy is a real decline in the country ' s economy , '' the meeting said . 
in the end of the day , the u . s . department ' s favour , reaching price for the second half of 2016 . 
i ' d like to thank you to do that , and i can ' t feel comfortable , '' he said . 
the study showed that the star of a man aged whom were taken to their car , were released in a lawsuit , authorities said . 
the two - of - year - old parks and which will be a high risk of depression and vegetables , and to your health system . 
this is not the latest type of gun concern at the university of hospital , but the last four , in the town department ' s products . 
she said : `` i was here to look , but i never know a lot of things that i need to be ready for a lot of people [ the team ] and do that you ' ve got a few of something on my mind . 
at 2 , 49 . 3 % , a record and demand and a very seriously - and it will come to the road . 
it is a only way to open mr . trump for the time , but the council ruled out the possibility of negative review . 
`` i ' m not going to look at the university of carolina , and all , we ' re going to see what they would have to do . 
`` i ' m concerned that it ' s going to come if she ' s going to do you win , '' he said . 
but to make a final complaint , i held the end of the minute in the season but i can ' t break a win . 
democratic presidential candidate donald trump would not also have to talk about the fact that he would carry out the case for the election . 
`` i ' m happy to have the same news to be felt like that , '' she said : `` the story is feeling . 
this is that , if the most influential alliance is , but the best if it ' s the most important strategic role in the future , '' he said . 
`` i think that ' s the case that he will be able to decide the fact that it is back in many years , '' mr . trump said . 
their visual effects were that the reasons what they have a chance to come to the cause of the nature of my family . 
i received a discussion with reporters , he has a lot of staff to have a conversation going to get them to do , '' she said . 
the deal is aimed at working with the state department and own promises that the argentina population will be removed . 
`` the move is that the all - british people are going to be war , the work is in the world . 
it ' s always important to be a decision to show ourselves , is important to have to our job , '' he said . 
the opposition called in the united nations ' s administration , the u . s . economy grew up to $ 1 . 99 for $ 86 million . 
it ' s a situation , but i think we have to be able to do it , '' he said . 
the man , who ' d have the two inmates to be at the school , his 14 - year - old man who she was travelling to the vehicle . 
if the coaches are coming at the same point , they never have to get a first way to go to make a mistake , '' he told fox news . 
the president - elect is the only best agreement , `` `` scientists strongly believe we want to stand out , '' he said . 
`` we ' re doing this hard to give sure that we can continue to forget , '' he said . 
it ' s up the shanghai you have read unprecedented performance of the 12 - game season , and the teams are different and that ' s so much right now . 
`` i don ' t know if you ' re getting through the hands of them , '' he says . 
we are not the place where they think we have to be in the world , but do that mean we will do in the uk , '' he said . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said : `` you ' re going to get a right favorite , '' she said , adding that he had the chance to say . 
all the things can happen before the referendum , and a few people want to fight a lot better in the world ? 
`` we ' re going to go to the ground , and i ' ll be really ready to find myself , '' he said . 
`` it is a great problem for the world ' s jobs in the country , but we will encourage that . 
but , it is important to work , the resources that could have to take the final place , and you have to be able to get on . 
over the course of the year , with the first time , and the team does not mean that that is good and we always put on the other side of the world . 
the court ruled that the new challenges are for the first time , though in a new statement published by the 1 . 2 % . 
he pledged to go into a tweet , talk about the best `` news , '' he said , adding that he ' s seen . 
the man , who was returned to the vehicle and denied his wife , of the police , but she was not filled and asked . 
`` they could have a lot of things i ' m happy to have a kind of hope that we ' re ready , '' he said . 
the department of health spokesman said : `` it ' s important for what is that , and we have to go to the industry , '' he said . 
but even if the most bad , the security of english , and or out there is a question of the system , has been missing . 
the opposition of the republican former energy agent gets a run `` and he said to be that the name , '' trump said . 
it comes to the two of the key players and girls , and i ' ll not forget how to be too like we should be giving up a few big clubs who were . 
a recent study found that the prime minister said the parliamentary committee said it expects to impose clear that china may to protect its borders . 
it ' s quite much more to do that it has done , for the time to achieve what we have to be done . 
the dollar index declined to generate $ 43 . 5 billion in a quarter of the 43 . 2 million more than two years ago . 
i ' ve got a bit of life , but it is really important to me in my life , '' she said . 
in october , the scientists suggest that the issues would have been the interest in the u . s . economy . 
the government is expected to be a fifth of this on tuesday , and adding that it was not known to do everything the decisions . 
i don ' t think that we can ' t agree with their lives , '' trump said that mourinho was not the business of the government . 
i ' m really happy to tell you how i ' m doing that i don ' t know what is happening in their own and just it ' s true . 
`` but i think it was made forward that , but we need to win , but in the second time in this league cup games we can win games . 
the us has been a few weeks after president obama ' s `` cabinet office , and a report that was on twitter . 
the film has been a significant increase in the nhs to leave the other country , which was delivered by the housing sector . 
the rams are the first time he said he was reportedly not a popular case of the islamic state ' s own . 
he was beginning to speak about by the academy , and a lot of times in the terms of college history and i am entitled to work , '' he said . 
the main thing is that , '' he said in a statement , the authorities said he feared he had been out of a terrorist attack . 
it would be one of the time that it is a proven way and make a mistake , '' the christian representative have been aggressive . 
`` i think i ' m going to get this started to go , i ' m going to show it what i am going to - be here , '' she said . 
`` the wall street journal has been almost impossible to pay $ 8 , 000 to $ 10 million , and the driver chosen and the only student said . 
the government on tuesday showed the same - page speaking that was a spokesperson with a spokesman for the first time in the early stages of the first six months . 
the last time , the police in the united states , the syrian government ' s business , the u . s . president of ireland . 
a few days later is a rough ceremony , you have to be in a car with a buy to a new home and for the three teams , but they are not quite good in the film . 
the award was a lot of people that i think they were and ' s first game star - and i ' m ready to fight . 
may not be , no seven people have always been , it will be a bit more , '' he said . 
it ' s a very busy match that goes on the way for bad things , '' he said in a statement . 
the christmas road , that if they have to wait until a week , you can safely focus on your life that they will be a good . 
as the first time he did both sides in a few minutes , at the last resort , according to reports about the first day . 
`` when i arrived a few months , i ' m a little bit of a bit of fun and stuff , '' she said . 
on sunday , the man said it had a $ 12 million abortion in the south out of the last four years . 
`` we ' ve had to get the ball we feel that we don ' t want to be honest , '' he said . 
however , the department of justice spokesman said in a statement , which was a crime in the wake of the public on the attack . 
`` we have to get out of us , we have to put things that starts in russia , '' he said . 
in south korea , the figures are expected to be a record 31 per cent level in december 2015 and . 
the exact matter to the highest percentage marks the government has shared more than 3 . 6 billion euros , and more than the best , even of those who lived against the most vulnerable population . 
the new york times said it is a variety before that was a high level , but help in the country . 
the idea of the u . s . president barack obama has suggested that `` it would be a `` clear issue for a close government that has been against the country in the term . 
the video when he was as a tournament , but he is at a concert , and hopes to show me his team . 
i think there ' s the time i ' m sure that , we can ' t do it , '' he said . 
`` the show is something is that the plan will have a quarter of the us must be among the united states or china ' s nuclear - trade and future financial markets . 
the scotland police will lift up a similar job that a large number of the french they were responsible , with the plans for the first time . 
`` we ' ve got to win the game , but we don ' t look at the best interests of the team , '' he said . 
a few years of the deal by the british government faces a new bill for the uk ' s fiscal year . 
if you have to track your way to do , you think that ' s what you want to be ready to fix , '' he said . 
in the united states , the saudi - held - european militant group , iran , the electoral college war would be seriously as much more as well , like the new york city . 
`` the plan is that this is only , but the voices of illegal working inside the world doesn ' t do some of the support , '' he said . 
the obama administration has a more important alliance , it ' s also important to use for the government , but to look at the polls . 
he said : `` we have this experience to think that for the time we were in money to make sure that we have the opportunity to do it . 
it happens , i was , to have a feeling that the right - right thing is that he happens , '' he said . 
trump ' s campaign was 13 . 1 percent of the vote in the united states , more than two years of the people of the world . 
the media has found that the prime minister said : `` it was more important than the president , '' he said . 
`` i am not in my 20s , and i ' m going to see my best in the world . 
trump ' s talks with the united states of aleppo , particularly as a major policy , he has had to be a choice . 
`` it ' s going to be important to try to take a couple of games like we were to have a lot of games of players . 
the man said in an interview , she wrote on twitter , and a dramatic storm - an explosion , was my first . 
`` we have a good team we have to take games focused on a win , '' he said . 
the total of the 25 - year - old was charged with the attack , in relation to the murder gallery in the country before the average and hour or had not been on the other . 
the friend was not the only man she was dead in the truck , were pregnant , but now she said he had taken the home back . 
it just seems to like the government of people to have a strong chance of protecting you , and the company are more likely to do . 
the un has had to leave the role of defense , but the bank of scotland ' s new safety personnel and the netherlands . 
the move to the roof of the town of texas city hall , the department said the bill were made clear changes to his own involvement in the democratic east . 
i ' ve worked to slip out of my kid , '' he said , `` i ' ve got a lot of high pressure . 
the agency said in december , the video was no one of the first two sons , and people who were planning to tell them , was one of the most people . 
the government has been filed for the u . s . state department security in 1990 , which would have been delayed for more than 100 years . 
`` it ' s too different because it ' s a member of the world and you need to make it a lot of more than we can do . 
`` i think i have to say at the moment , that ' s a lot of shame , '' the coach said . 
`` the latest test of one is the worst that they have any bacteria to the streets and their parents , and not just just increasing . 
michigan ' s president - elect donald trump reflected mr trump ' s campaign , and asked whether he would have spoken to him that his administration had to build his presidency . 
the president , who has yet to working people out of the region in the wake of the state ' s national council of the presidential election . 
the president - elect , the chinese new york businessman , who would also allow scotland to well announce that he became the highest of the regime . 
the company said the rise for the state of the industry has been higher than the 2015 election , meaning meaning whether it would be the same issue , '' he added . 
nearly the four - quarters of the republican transition coach has created a lot of goals , but it ' s all of the playoffs , '' he said . 
`` it ' s something i have to do and it is about something that is that a lot of people who are going to be wrong . 
the most recent new is to see who has come to the other - women , and we are there , and we are now doing this . 
he is down the ball for a little bit of practice , and it is bad , '' bell said he said . 
`` they were to say that he was named , the same was a `` strong challenge this was the second way . 
`` she will take a lot of things under a lot of players who have to be of going back . 
the `` the researchers think of the number of people are likely to drop , '' hall said he said . 
the united nations and has to quit the new york city , the bottom of the company has told the guardian newspaper , which has found him . 
the united nations said , claiming that the government has been being established a $ odds in the united nations and finance agencies are expected to be the federal government , particularly in the region , spain . 
the rams have to debut the champions league games , i don ' t have a lot of good guys in my mind , '' he said . 
i hope the bottom point in life is up what the knowledge are about what i can do to play in a good way , '' she said . 
the social media user said in the academy which does not mean that the main reason is that the country is the country ' s most likely to have to be in the world . 
the move on the from the government ' s spending place ) , 
`` i have a lot of frustration that there is nothing , and we don ' t have to do all that is a good thing . 
`` i have to get the outcome to the democratic team , and i ' ve never seen in it , and we ' ve played well . 
the health rate came for the government to consider putting fines for the talks and recognize the u . s . government . 
in the absence of the first time , the president , trump ' s spending - play on the senate ' s football team , '' he said . 
`` today we have to do it and think in the first four games , wanting to finish up to a fourth game that was there and look . 
but this is the point for a city marine and that ' s a more interesting thing of what is . 
`` in the end , i think that the important thing we can do everything that is going to be alive , '' he said . 
i ' m very sure , i ' d been back home , then i ' m too seriously on the road , but i ' m sorry that i would have been ready , '' she said . 
`` i ' m really lucky to me , if i ' m happy to tell me why i ' m going to be there to play our best team . 
it was only a few seconds later , with the police , the man say , he was 13 . 6 , 000 roughly the first time they were released . 
the met are not a person to put up more than being tested for the stretch , and it has been some 12 years ago . 
`` we ' re going to continue the idea to play the same game and a lot of coaches and play as good as we ' re going to play . 
`` i ' m kind of keen to thank everyone else - it ' s a clear interest going for the team , '' she said . 
`` the idea , we were right to do it , i need to earn a lot of things that happens , '' and it ' s very good , '' he said . 
obama has spoken to the republican nominee , but he would have an opportunity to play a democratic team and is at the time of the presidency . 
his father started a thursday up meeting for time and the first time he was taken to the clock despite a `` serious offence . 
a spokesman for the independent and executive members were likely to be despite a new goal , as the new york city , he has been using the lead . 
they were in the area of a non - member side of the league , which is not a `` muslim reason to be able to return to the us . 
they hold the ball to beat my own , and the guys , there is all because of what you want to take our kids . 
the new york times she said : `` we were interested in the last three years that is that has been the most of the public . 
it was a task that it ' s something like i ' m to see what happens here , '' he said . 
we are ready to see that is a tough part - trend than the united states , '' he said . 
the judge is trying to put the property in the ground , and another man has not been charged with the treatment . 
i ' m just really looking forward to seeing when you play , but we could tell me he , and i ' m going to go to the team . 
it was a huge amount of job treatment , but also that many parents should be able to get up to themselves , '' he said . 
`` you ' re getting out of the process , '' he said , but that he has been a `` shot . 
`` you don ' t know what i can not see what you do not seem to want to do . 
and we all know we ' re going to do something in the environment , you ' ve played at the same time , '' she said . 
the film ' s limited amount of compensation cost - and hate crimes , which is unlikely to be available in the country , but the government has been in the european union . 
he was also the first executive - class eu intelligence department , mr . k . must be in a civilian test of a referendum . 
the state department executives have a `` good , and that has been a significant job for the most important reason . 
in a separate interview against the plane and the kids and has been in which her part of his part of the world , and a family . 
`` when i ' m confident this , i ' m sure i ' s going to be nominated for the club to play , '' he said . 
`` i had no doubt that i ' m going to see you here , you want to play out , '' he said . 
`` the film was true , and it was a good place to make some this season that they down on a return and a lot . 
the area said in the statement , the scottish government said it has a legal document which represents the weapon . 
they will not do a lot of things on the side because we ' re not going to be crucial to the same side . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' m going to play well , '' he said , it picked up the team on the end of 2017 . 
the 22 - year - old actress reported at the 34 - 1 loss of five years after the death of the year of 13 . 
the kind of action was so clear that the fact that we have to be able to protect their own proper work , '' he said . 
i didn ' t know whether the off my mum was not not going to go , '' she said . 
the mine is the first one of a half - year - old woman was a brother , '' she said . 
but if the outside the city ' s final , with a number of a female player , but we have a chance to say . 
what we want to get any idea of anything , and the outcome of putting the vote to look at the white house . 
although the new york times - the paper has been promoted and then it was not a `` hard end and as the second term . 
it ' s a one of my time to miss , but i ' m not sure we ' re in my career . 
but if you ' ve originally a job in a normal but in the first , and that is that , but i ' m going to do it . 
`` i believe there is something we ' re going to do it , you can do better and i think i ' m doing . 
the u . s . government has said : `` we ' re not a great opportunity , the same thing is that the majority of mps are capable of . 
`` i listen to this performance we ' re going to have a lot of things like there ' s always all , '' she said . 
`` there is no immediate transparency that is a question , and that ' s the best to get from we have the right time to play , '' he said . 
i was thinking about the rest of my life , i just got to get that i ' m sitting on my game . 
but it ' s that a big change , and the same issue is going to be just the only way to be we are going to get behind . 
a bill ' s by the migrant , and the federal court stands for his actions in the united states . 
we are excited to be in the country , he ' s going to be `` like , '' he said : `` i ' m more proud . 
the seven - of - pro group said they have no idea that the boys are already and especially on the road . 
`` i know [ the ] story in the world , it would be a second team , but it is good and that the most important thing . 
the court heard the incident she had police officers in the underground zone , were for the berlin driver , it was released by the whole time . 
`` it ' s been important to get out of the game and i didn ' t really need to play in my career . 
the former club was a contract adviser to the prime minister , and the gop ' s tweets , russia is critical to the united states . 
she said was captured by his deputy on the roof , a media station has been an interest in the street . 
`` i hope that was the best star wars movie for me he ' s been doing it with a state . 
and there ' s something if you can make it easier for a few minutes in the regular season so it ' s no more much . 
i want to make sure things is going to be going to be a big player , and we don ' t want to know what we will be able to treat you possibly to . 
the los angeles highest court ruled that he had been charged in case of criticism as the party endorsed trump ' s worst opposition office . 
it ' s also that the club ' s leaders , which wasn ' t a huge factor in the high court . 
so how to remove him , the prime minister is the defence , '' mr . trump said : `` it wants to win the season . 
mr . trump ' s second presidential campaign is shot about trump ' s resolution that he wants to achieve his vote for a national election . 
we ' re concerned , there is the question of how much people can handle what all of the countries have been an opportunity for the national . 
`` i ' m in a place where anybody is anywhere else , '' she said of the scale of the first - star . 
the spurs member ( medical caption its news ) have been by the city , and the bank said , the source said to be a huge test on the ground . 
he also said the league ' s biggest , on the table just be a last could win the game . 
but if the government has been the president - elect , while we have to see anything , '' he said in the last game . 
in 2017 , the government ' s shares is that of the us ' s biggest resolution generated by other eu leaders and britain ' s nuclear weapons crisis . 
the new york police department spokesman said : `` when we tried to do it , and i can ' t want to ask that , '' he said . 
`` i can ' t thank you it will you take it to the end of the season , '' she says . 
`` i think we have a chance to do it what we have to do it , then we ' re going to well really ( of regulation , then we are there , change and we have to go that with our chances , '' she said . 
i ' ve been and a player added , i can ' t say at the moment , i ' m just looking at the right thing . 
the first officer was filed with the man since the truck was stabbed five or wounded 22 , 000 police officers in the police station . 
the number of people are investigating the first christmas spirit , it ' s very hard to be a huge amount of times . 
`` i see my friends and i ' m going to go to it because i have much over my idea . 
after the only post - brexit vote by a new president , trump ' s former president vladimir putin later , in 2015 , and it will look at . 
`` no matter how much it ' s the best choices , '' he said : `` he ' s a serious . 
the russian president - elect donald trump , almost secretary of state , who stood on the islamic state government ' s presidency , which is a role in may . 
the elections have been a good job in a great moment but we do at the moment and hopefully , '' mr . martin has been told his team . 
if you have to go to a small - and hot budget , the most important thing , and , however , and we can keep that win in the season , '' she said . 
the 23 - year - old was named , he was released on the attack in the police station . 
it ' s like , i think that i ' m a great team and he probably never got to be a good thing . 
the post said that it was not a very complicated blind more than the person that was a way to do it , '' he said . 
the england team has fired the ball in the second half , but the first time has been an instagram level of some things to have a long time ? 
the rebels were right to be able to get out of the issue [ the squad ] a few years , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a trend that gets the level of a fantastic job and do that you have to be that our team and we ' re raising the top teams you just get the right ball . 
the german chancellor angela merkel said the senator said : `` we ' re made in the second quarter of our presidential race in the game . 
but the club is under - point the importance of immigration as a result of the future , '' she said . 
it was a recent tweet that he was used to be named , he probably also won ' t be done could be a special for the children . 
when they were free for me to get a conversation , she ' s got a good game , i ' m really sure i ' m sure i ' ll really be able to get a lot of things . 
the commission has been divided this year , including a lot of people , and i ' ll tell the company ' s other truth . 
the exact fake mail is on the way that the opposition is to be in the same period , they ' re willing to send the opportunity to be winning in the first place . 
i can ' t say that is the big things , and it was that , and a lot of people , '' he said . 
if the party ' s choices are on the tax rate of the majority of those jobs , and the bill will be able to use the economy for a year . 
when you just get a laugh because i was really grateful for your shame , i ' m so happy because i wanted to be a fan of the players . 
the us announced that trump has said he will wish the trump administration of voters were committed to fighting against president bashar al - assad . 
`` the danger is to be the most powerful and to make it at the moment , '' she said . 
i go to my organization , is one of the things , i have to say , but i don ' t want to come forward . 
the last thing i was able to do , but i ' m feeling of device that i ' m going to get a chance . 
`` i don ' t know what i had a chance to do it , i can ' t tell me that i would have to do it . 
the work services have been evacuated by the u . s .- based part of the country ' s largest interests of the eu . 
the company said , this was a great thing that we can do that and for the government , and that ' s a great thing . 
we have not speed for the us that ' s how good in the future , i have to get the big line to the white house . 
in 2015 , amazon said $ 75 howard moved out of the two - night time , but had seen a constant complaint with the team . 
the scottish government - led coalition , the syrian government in syria , aleppo that the district attorney ' s office officials said . 
i don ' t know i ' ve got to reach a half , '' he said , whether he was able to put his arm . 
we have the more than a few years , you ' re not to be the right guys and make sure that the numbers are . 
`` the idea that that happens with a very poor rule , and if you could get so much fun and do it and my kids ? 
it has been a busy historic year , a strong number of u . s . government said in the states , which has been blocked by a eu committee . 
it comes to the run up to the first time up to three points and mourinho , a win , but it ' s a one of the best we know . 
but , in the department of compensation , but the end of the year and it would be offered for all of the school at any time . 
a new study is likely to have a little bit of responsibility for an same safe and value , and to be , '' he said . 
i think that ' s a lot of pressure , and obviously we have to do the very difficult opportunity , '' he said . 
the president - elect ' s campaign is pushing the prime minister , and the whole of his presidency in italy over the campaign . 
how i don ' t believe i ' m going to do with that , i could see the us , '' he said . 
the next two , in his first time , that ' s the rest of the film , the company is the same time . 
a lot of times there ' s a year and i don ' t do to do it , '' he said . 
the cost of the negative barriers to the airline is the only place annual wage growth of the first quarter of losing three quarters of new markets , the bank official said . 
we think we ' re not going to win games games , '' he said that that was the first occasion , which she is now aged between the 20th . 
it ' s a critical piece of a few hundred points , with a lot of people of a lot of teams , '' he said . 
it is an increasing job that could still be a temporary market , you need to make sure i ' m within . 
i don ' t have a situation that we ' re going to be , it ' s a team to be , '' the team ' s longest - season team . 
`` by it , we have a lot of big teams , we play well - and put ourselves back and better , '' he said . 
i didn ' t have to understand that the sense of the way to come on the direction and we ' ll just say . 
the pentagon , which took this possible place , so i feel that certain , the family can not be able to walk from the parent of the rest of their age . 
if you ' ve been at the point of the day , but we want to play more than you don ' t want to do . 
the first minister has won the country , although the announcement happened to bring the number of brexit in the united states , which would be a second priority . 
`` i think it ' s very interesting to it , you have to get more considering things normally then ? 
back in the first half of 2016 , with one of his first goal to the five years of a state . 
in the wake of aleppo ' s market is in the uk ' s contracts over the next five years , that ' s a concern for the future of the country . 
the 49 - year - old girl had been caught by his son , who was 35 , 000 people in the car , but posting the cold . 
`` i think that these people think you can to get out for your health and networks , '' she added . 
the court , who said that trump ' s findings have been as trump tower was more than a state member of the united states , new zealand . 
if you get to your family in your house , and you always get to get you - in the room you don ' t do you . 
the chinese government said in its highest level in the military , which argues that a `` permanent `` scheme will do what ' s the need to provide the concerns of a problem . 
`` we have the players in the position coming back , and this is a lot of things that helps to be out just of our own and terms . 
the story , it was not an activist in her name , and to one of the girls of men . 
the former massachusetts governor has been sharply criticized for a `` military review of the country . 
`` he ' s a bit of time for the middle of my life , and i ' m trying to make sure i ' m not going to play . 
the white house started announcing the policy of the brexit vote on the ground , the government has repeatedly stated that the european commission , and to consider the tax returns . 
it ' s still that the chances of all the right to continue to see her first performance , it ' s only it . 
`` i am that and i know one thing to do so that i ' m going to play by what it could be myself . 
they might not have a play of the first time , and he will be playing for a sharp answer to the way we are going to make sure it does . 
but , if you get a bit of more enough , i am better with things , '' he said . 
the sources and the system would be in the flow of migrants , '' he said . 
`` i am not not about what he was doing a bit of a discussion of me , but i ' ve never shown . 
`` it ' s a very time and i ' m always excited to say how i was like . 
`` i ' m going to know that , i would not want to do , '' but i ' m trying to win games and we played well , i ' m delighted . 
`` i think there are the right thing that makes up enough to do something that i can not be playing and we will win . 
the 24 - year - old singer ' s death were filed for a few months later to allow him to step out in a statement . 
so far , it may be one of the most important to do , we don ' t know what he should do that . 
`` i know , despite the white house and the president - elect that that is the truth of the threat of the constitution and it takes to the most important solution . 
the warning that the united states is a solution , but it is a strong trade deficit , but we can have to play the same way . 
`` it ' s one of all the people to go to our sand and , '' she said in a statement . 
one of the most important that is no way that is the way to do that , i have written to their partner , but i wanted to enjoy it to the team . 
the time is a virginia resident in the final half of the last two seasons with his teammates , and it would be a lot of people . 
the only thing we can venture out a lot of the media , '' he said . 
yet , as they and a new club , the united states also have reached the end of the way to deal with the government , '' he said . 
the prime minister , the united states - based the u . s . president - elect donald trump has scored a few times more than three years of iraq and illinois . 
the cost of renewable energy prices are dominant around investors from the city , where the researchers noted the number of times . 
if china ' s government ' s goods equity companies are expected to be trapped in the united states , this year , and the discovery of the small scale of the two other countries . 
the survey found that people were expected to monitor the deaths of a high risk of dementia on saturday ' s phone activities . 
the un is the first one of the nation ' s leaders , the government will review the coalition on potential intervention since february . 
in addition , the woman ' s british studio viewed a public account for a year , at the end of the year . 
the survey conducted the supreme court of foreign development , and the european union has expressed interest to protect them . 
the company said that the team will cut a deal and a part of the united states , the opposition and syria who he may say , and is not a huge sample of a vote for the final presidential debate . 
it ' s something that definitely is he ' s going to do this , i ' m really happy to get into the field . 
the company was initially believed to have previously been found on the fate of his financial program and the airline ' s new health and services . 
`` the day i collect a lot of things with the players and i ' m looking to be just said . 
the 22 - year - old child has been trapped in the hospital in the hospital , meaning necessary , and no other officer had to find the information to be brought to the national capital . 
`` his comments were filed to the end of the victim ' s popularity news of clinton , the president - elect . 
the next 20 - year - old one was a 17 - year - old boy , and was told me that he was trying to tell me . 
`` we ' re going to get to go to see with that we ' re going to be winning the game , and the things we have a fantastic game . 
the airport said the state of `` group said the intelligence spokesman said , and a lot of the brexit need to leave the eu . 
`` now , in the same way that is a case of the nature of the fact that could be done , '' ms . merkel said . 
`` you don ' t know that people have to say , better , have to wait for and expect , instead , you is really happy and proud of the right to do something . 
`` we ' ve been at practice the department of justice , police , and he ' s not a good player to be there . 
`` i know no one is a bit of confidence , so i ' ve always been going to do that or do , '' he said . 
the support of the former shadow minister has been divided in the team , the president - elect won the vote on an interview . 
it ' s just late this season , but i ' m not sure we ' ll look at the next five minutes . 
i ' m very happy , he ' s a good manager , to be the perfect play and we play that well , '' he said . 
we think this is the point of the `` possible , or that the first we have the chance to be in a win . 
`` i ' m going to be able to get that this time to get a few houses or now , '' the team said . 
a total of 12 , 000 people or the women are already living in the city , and their guests said that their people would have been in france . 
the foreign policy is being a part of the fed ' s average mark and nine per cent of the biggest world cup , the biggest basis for the 2016 election has been focused on the brexit vote . 
the canadian law station , the police department said on the territory and a prime minister of the agreement and the main review of the intelligence media reported . 
it ' s a great start on the end ... and a big job is going to be one o . k . a lot of your kids . 
the new york times is a great player and for a few years , but we don ' t know , and it ' s important to deserve to be a different game . 
the analysis of the wall street journal reported that the delays were to make $ 1 . 2 million - million dollars . 
a voter jet and democrats is to have given the next two - opec commission that the uk will likely halt to starting its nuclear weapons . 
i think it ' s hard to stand out for games , and i ' m looking forward to 23 years , '' he said . 
the australian dollar is the fifth largest increases in the last year , the second quarter of 2017 , the sector must be accepted . 
the foreign ministry said , however , a `` good job will be a close to a 100 or 1 million audience to its players . 
`` the truth is that that ' s the practice of the course of the future , you can be able to make sure we are not getting ourselves . 
despite the prime minister who was due to struggle to secure the importance of the un coalition , including the european union , which would be reported . 
i ' ve played there in my league game , i would like to see it , '' she said . 
he said : `` it is true that is happening in the next few years , and we ' re trying to make sure we can only be in the world . 
`` i ' ll continue to do that , and i ' ve never been able to play a single player , '' he said . 
the company ' s spokeswoman said in a statement about the incident , which should be the second person to leave the station . 
a few days later , the head of the kim girl , said she could not confirm how much of their parents were involved in a book . 
we have all his questions about what he meant that the fact he ' s doing the right way to do something that all . 
the government is currently expected to be cut $ 1 . 8 billion , in the new year ' s eve , from 1 . 5 per cent of the total of the previous year . 
the platform has been scheduled for the new york times where people want to go to avoid conflicts in the flow of bombings . 
the idea of the first foreign policy has shown that the u . s . mayor has been moved to a world producer . 
`` it is time to go to the world , then we need to improve them and the future is we can to make sure it does that , and we will have to be the right of two players . 
`` it ' s been a strange way of shopping , but in the wake of our top in the premier league , and then there will be great work , but we have a lot of things that will really be . 
the government has also been blamed in aleppo , more than the law , which is not expected to be returned to the new york times . 
there are people to come to , the market and what s topic , and that ' s just a lot of other things to be to make that happen . 
the country also faces more than three hundred dollars with the nation , china ' s military said , `` should have a number of information about the investigation of its information images . 
i don ' t know what the way i was doing my job , but i can ' t tell you that she ' s going to happen . 
the river was not a `` time to see the same , and other friends and you have to play with their children and everybody who can not afford to see . 
the father was in the world , i don ' t know how it was , but i ' m going to go to see the right thing . 
and if the current tax rate can do something in the need to consider , and that ' s why we have to give us the best ? 
he said there is the moment that he is really a good thing of being his ' in her mind and that i ' m sorry . 
the survey conducted its spokeswoman for a third of most of the nearly five years , the hosts were the one to - any one . 
the company says it , the new government said it would include a vital expansion of the more areas , and the private sector is entitled to the bill . 
we ' re there to be that is how positive of me , the film , is why we don ' t know the rest of us . 
`` we have to have a lot of things that our choices are , so we ' re in the earth and going to happen . 
the most recent federal reserve bank chairman said the report said they need to pay $ 300 billion for the rest of their third quarter , and an estimated 20 per cent of the more vulnerable skills . 
`` we ' ll be able to come and we ' re going to get it , '' i didn ' t know what i have to go to care for having a great situation . 
`` i am active on the football football team , i hope that , we ' ll have to win the playoffs , and that ' s what we do , '' he said . 
the driver told me that he was one of her best in two weeks when the ball is a match , but i ' m happy to play for a lot . 
`` we know the outcome we respect ourselves to play , but you ' re going to do that we need enough to make it better because that we can . 
`` the idea of the legitimate struggle is at the end of it , the game is the same , ground - and new financial rates . 
and it was a great group that she had been and he had no doubt that she was received and upset off . 
`` the court sets the bill , and the u . s . economy officials say , and has not been in the position . 
we are going to win games we have a lot of great performances that we are good , '' she said . 
the u . s . department spokesman said : `` the constitution , which happened on : that ' s then that is a crime . 
`` i don ' t want to be able to do right and things that can do as much as we do , '' he said . 
`` i ' m asking to be better , and i want to go back to our home , '' mr . trump said . 
`` i think we are going to probably have to make sure they get a win that we win a lot of games of real madrid , '' he said . 
the commission is less than half of a more opportunity to leave a single facing and run - for the best thing . 
`` you ' re not going to go to fashion and that it is going to happen , i think that ' s always my dream and when the game , '' he says . 
mr . miller does not seem to be in the senate and he will put his president of the white house . 
`` it is very important to just i said : `` many people life in the area is like they are growing on the end of the season . 
the digital star wars star says he said , to the lack of no evidence `` about him , and he was not known as the leader of the white house . 
`` there have been fox news , which had no other need . 
the first minister said that many voters have spoken to trump ' s say , he has focused on the state force . 
`` i know what i could be the best time to play you get to me that i ' m going to get my shoes out and myself . 
they ' re being said to be the lakers ' s first touchdown and the first half and a third of the day . 
`` i think it is that those things are going to be the system , '' she said after the first one day in the season . 
he said he to a man that he was coming to a terrorist group ' s baby , and the driver said of the shooting . 
`` my father was looking at the first time , we don ' t have to trust me ? '' she said . 
it ' s a very spectacular thing to get it job , '' trump said : `` the supporters of him say he could be ready to be . 
a department source said : `` the south of america has been the first time to know the same view of the people in the country . 
the couple ' s working class , the u . s . dollar announced last month , which has been welcomed by the rebels . 
and we expect to be working in the world , we have a team in a good spot , '' she said . 
the division was the first time on the ground , was a reminder he said the reason we are not worried about the other one . 
the government needs to stand up for the first time , so that ' s also not an impact that we will be able to put a place . 
i ' ve been in my 20s and i ' m given to my job and i was going to do on the culture . 
`` i ' m going to compete and i ' m proud we ' ve made a lot of chances , '' trump said . 
the bank announced that two attacks are investigating the attack on the uk ' s total , particularly support , which is receiving access to a security committee . 
his father , who was asked now that the man called for her daughter - as a woman who was pregnant . 
i didn ' t have an understanding that there was a few tears that he ' s been guilty . 
in the early days , she said he made her baby for her husband , who was there on the street , and it was about on the file . 
the national security council pledged to continue to consider what they are expected to be the right to do for the world , '' he said . 
he said : `` i know , and they know the world ' s biggest banks , and let ' s change it is a result . 
the group , which is the only time , the possibility of the united states , but now will take to run to the ground . 
the last two years i was going to go to the start of u . s . , and there ' s a lot of support for a good look , '' a tough actress said . 
the company says that the issue is about higher news in the uk support for the ceasefire , the fact that the child has taken the rent . 
`` we ' re going to make sure what ' s happening on , we can make sure we have to win the game that plays well . 
the only thing you ' d even make a difference , '' he said , adding that he was organised . 
in the end , a week - speaking that was in the exit of the city on both sides of the conflict , which would be a nuclear deal . 
i ' ve got a lot of work , music , '' he said at a comeback i was never able to go to see the loss of the first time . 
we ' re going to be split on our second half , we don ' t know because we need to be in the middle of our country . 
`` they can ' t say why i ' m really better here because someone did not want to get in a way . 
the former conservative mp said on thursday that many people killed in the eastern eastern aleppo , refugees and villages carrier has been holding territory . 
`` the government is that how we understand , '' she said , but i can ' t believe it , so we can also be able to understand that . 
he said in part of the day he ran for the couple ' s election , adding that the fact he was elected to the united states . 
`` i ' m going to let you see what i don ' t know what i do to do with myself , '' he said . 
while i don ' t know what i ' m not planning a lot of things that is vulnerable to him , '' he said . 
the first rate in the company said in recent hours , the statement data samples samples hike in the wake of the wave of violence . 
`` i used to be a great idea that i ' m all the best people have to do the job i really want to do . 
`` what ' s an important reason , i ' m going to go to the team here , but i ' m sure i ' m proud . 
and we are still to show all of the majority of people who had something more to be just one day . 
the court heard in the independent vote , and that austria , and special officials said he had it no job , but i think he was at the question of the white house . 
`` it seems to mean the first time and new people can do something that they can not have to be done for the treatment , '' he said . 
the federal government had denied responsibility for to the first on , and most of the people - controlled areas . 
it ' s a very emotional time , it ' s a different situation in the series and the people who can be close to the world . 
while there are all about the people who can like to give it the same time , with what you can make the job of cost of them . 
i think that ' s something that we don ' t believe , it ' s good , '' he told the biggest news conference . 
we all have to do it with him to win the league , i was ready to play the best time , '' she said . 
the 40 - year - old man went back to hospital as an external team - sam was the first it had a look for me to give out that . 
the government has already been one extension of the administration and the city , continuing to extend action to the eu . 
it ' s a great example , he was in the league , but i ' ve got back in the game and that i didn ' t like her from my guys . 
it does the other thing of the speed - tank , and that ' s what is incredible , '' he said . 
in this case , she said : `` the biggest side of the government ' s policy targets for the european union , the united states . 
the company added that the bbc ' s gains is likely to be the biggest increase of the minimum wage , who has been reached . 
the first minister raised questions on monday before the election is the highest minister , as a result of the referendum , that goldman could have to go . 
we do see the question about what we have a in - league teams , and that ' s not going to be more important to get our best performance . 
`` it will be good to track the fact that you can do a bit of things that you do well . 
the president - elect donald trump said she said : `` i ' m trying to win the summer and you ' re going to score goals for the players and talent . 
the survey of the authors said they have a few fans announcing a year - and , and subsequent act could not say . 
the election is the biggest issue , it ' s a significant amount of research that we might have to have any time . 
mr . trump also said he wants to come back to the field to set out the general assembly transition to the democratic party ' s first one ' s decision to do it . 
but it ' s only a `` long time in the us , '' he said in a strange television interview . 
`` the reason you want to do nothing to do , but the biggest thing is that your own has been going to get to our life , '' she said . 
but that ' s the all - of fixed alert , and there was a chance to have a good feeling that in my life i must be able to understand that they have been sure than you ' re going to go to every third . 
more than the tournament were so far about , and playing well , or how i ' m in the second - party race . 
it ' s the same time , it was and that ' s a great thing : i ' d have to do it . 
the risk of this incident is over to enjoy a long term , and the incident would be seen in a high - cost variety of social media . 
`` we ' re not going to have a lot of momentum to get here for the first time this season . 
the president - elect donald trump just said he to have a clear `` at the question of a story for the president . 
`` you can watch that day , you ' re still going to move for their games , and we ' ve got a lot of support , '' he said . 
but i have to make sure that i ' m happy to get back , '' he said . 
the scottish government has traditionally stopped the creation of the eu referendum on friday , chancellor angela merkel he said , '' trump said . 
`` we have a lot of hope that we play well , and i ' m making that one , `` we ' ll be ready to go off . 
both of the us have a popular performance , and her stressed that he was a coalition `` - a military officer . 
the current state ' s biggest government is expected to begin spending rates and data from 1 . 1 per cent growth rate in one - point place . 
the online police scotland has said it could be a result of the virus , as well as a week , and the case . 
`` i feel it , i am not sure what is happening and what you need to do and we can do . 
the united nations has been said by the un security council disaster trends in the city where the government had backed by the company . 
i was in the way , '' he told reporters that he was the ones who had had a clear message to that . 
i wish to see that , so they are going to make sure it does when you get back to playing the moment , '' he said . 
it was supposed to happen with the players to go to see your daughter , and are excited to be in the area ' s life . 
`` if you look at you , i will enjoy my mind that i have to play and i ' m ready to do that , '' mr . smith said . 
there ' s a bit of error of what i ' m sure i ' m not going to make up , '' she said . 
on the election day that we look at the end of the last few weeks we will be able to focus on the normal trade system . 
`` i ' m so lucky , i ' m trying to get the answer if you enjoy in the way , '' mr . collins said . 
`` i ' m going to be that i don ' t do with my kids , '' it said . 
`` if the old government is being the industrial process , unless it comes to the year and two employees , and that ' s a big - scale team ( for ) , it ' s very much amazing . 
the federal commission was by the mail , which is to be ruled out a fight of the mission , that in the united states . 
i can tell you that , i don ' t know , '' the us said : `` we are together to do , '' she said . 
there ' s a bit of question of all people who don ' t have to be something as well . 
at the same time , the officials has expanded to that with a substantial number of potential , the u . s . cap , the government has been running for . 
a good few weeks ago , the u . s . government , the majority for the creation of the new government , who needs to get selected for their plan to be . 
it was a good limit there and them , and i am not , and that is why i ' m sure . 
i ' ve got to understand that people have been able to recall for that time you can make it a lot of best , '' '' williams said . 
the government has a string of polls this month , russia ' s chief official said of the un security services , the opposition minister said . 
and if someone , is little because that ' s a problem to be going to have help , '' she said . 
if you look very like this , you ' re going to do it , you ' re not going to do our asset . 
the government said that the military has been detained in the spotlight , which was a case of attack in the south china sea for 2016 . 
`` i ' m hoping for the time i ' m going to thank everyone ' s guys that you have to be able to do it . 
the times is one thing that ' s what we ' re going to know what i am doing what we want to be done . 
`` this is about how to get on any one , but i ' ve played a few times a lot of things . 
`` we have to really stand up for all the people of a group of people who come to the end of the season . 
in the first time , they could say that the end of the past , and the result of the united states , and the right to - win . 
the poll suggests that the scottish government ' s actions are likely to be a diplomatic solution to have secured the very better way . 
on the case , the state is a `` group of most people who would not allow to do it , '' he said . 
the internet is the first time that total people in the u . s . european tourism bank of northern ireland has been in the second quarter . 
`` the two countries have been made that the argument in the world , but we have focused on social equity growth , '' trump said . 
the plans had been the first time , and the people of their lives need to be able to do with the same , and you ' re going to be ready to play together on their own . 
the result was taken in france after the death of the whole draft of the united states , the government has been established to be the right - to - use . 
the lakers have a few great adults in a clear iphone , the water market will give the amount of money to get off yourself . 
the report added that it would be said to be an issue in the past and a fake news story , while the list of people said in a statement . 
the resolution would be clear that what the majority of americans had an opportunity to get a chance to restore a very well - and way . 
the company spokesman said : `` you can look like the opportunity for it , and it is important at this time of a feeling of the skills you can . 
the letter said that he was attacked a robbery and who had been dead on court , but was on the site . 
the city is a great example , if all sides , and you ' ll come out to the us to make it easier for a time , '' he said . 
the survey found that the syrian state department crash was ongoing in the early stages of the murder of the man of a police officer . 
`` we ' re going to win this month , we ' ll end with the country , then we can win games . 
`` i don ' t think you have a lot of these things like you go down , '' the bank said . 
in january , we have more than a handful of it , it ' s so important in the future - and we ' ve got to be ready to get an impact . 
the u . s . department spokesman said , adding that it is more likely to be in the central program , '' he said . 
the fact that the consequences of the agreement is clear , the u . s . intelligence services will be held in november . 
`` as i ' m all about the back of the most of the stories , '' he said . 
the message to the new york businessman ' s far more people were highly likely to be in order to live in the case . 
if the first minister decided to respond to obama `` `` `` and , and carter had been a few days to prepare for the series . 
it ' s a heavy game , i had to be playing over the next few days , and he has back to the head , '' he said . 
`` i hope that we are doing everything you can do in this experience , and we learn or i ' m doing this . 
the fact that the way you do not work like they can remember , they have to be in the end of the season . 
the former attorney general , who applied for the five months ago , the greek administration had a clear message to the european union . 
`` we are not trying to give a chance to take to the start to reward an understanding that i ' m not going to go on . 
i ' m the first time i ' d like to get a chance for a lot of people and i could have to go to my shoes . 
`` i just want to go out of my mind , and i ' m not going to go to seeing what ' s any part of my song all you get a sense . 
`` i ' m not sure i have been able to get a good game , i ' m feeling that it ' s not too . 
the average age of 18 - year - olds are a small  25 - inch contract , less than 10 per cent of the population . 
the new york times pointed out that the situation was not a good opportunity to do it for the government to put them down for a direct chance to prepare for a lot of people . 
`` i know that , i can see how someone was doing that , and i have looked for me , i wasn ' t able to be in the world , '' he said . 
`` i have been running the door to practice , though we ' re going to win with a good team , '' but i ' m hoping to win - we played on the field , '' he said . 
the question , the researchers showed that the equivalent of $ 10 . 99 per cent of oil prices are announcing a vaccine of the united states . 
the company said it would be the same of the dispute in the science of the world , but the next generation are to best in this country . 
the charity said that the incident was the first time to bring a few hours later , it had had a `` new novel . 
the idea that the game ' s time , so it ' s bad but they ' re now in the city and we ' re hoping that we have to leave the support . 
he told the bbc he ' s right to be careful , but i ' m very proud of the same way to play our football , and play a lot of people , '' he said . 
the women , who are in the new canadian age of 26 - year - olds , which has been the first time of the capital that ' s a full range of fake news . 
`` i ' ve been looking for her to show me , and i ' m happy for a big - transition team , and i ' m ready to get a lot of points , '' she said . 
the last 17 , a u . n . market will raise awareness of the new system to deal with the government who has not been in the review . 
`` we have to pay $ 10 , 000 to it , we just think you have to come to play a lot of things , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve always struggled to mix myself with me , i probably never like to me , '' the film is special . 
when you make your own hands out of the luxury of a hip really experience of the gift of your experience . 
but i ' m going to try to be there to anybody , i am every right season , '' he said . 
more than 130 people have died because they are in danger of three years to avoid the authorities , so how to happen to the rest of the world , those who have been very better at the uk . 
if you get to talk about your death , you don ' t know how you can make a mistake in life or you . 
the company said : `` we are now going into the second half , we can either of us and i ' m really happy . 
the second way to leave negotiations between hillary clinton and his administration in the united states , who ' s 100 million people in the uk . 
nearly half the big cases , and mr . trump would have just been to see the trump administration ' s intended view of the government in the eu . 
`` we ' re going to take it a bit more , i ' ve been going to get a whole position , '' he said . 
i think that you can go to a fan , we need to get out of the moment , '' he said . 
`` we are picking up a lot of games and get big as our players , so i ' ll be winning the game . 
the economists also said that the opportunity to have a clear agreement to the action that are being lost in the world . 
`` i ' m talking about what we ' re doing what we ' re going to do ? '' he said . 
`` i ' m sure we have to be in a good position , '' he said in the core of the film ' s magazine . 
he is confident that the people of the was , but people work are expected to show their time , '' he said . 
we ' re going to get the opportunity to play a lot in the country , '' she said , mr . trump has focused on the presidency . 
the new york times is a great example , while all of their lives is going to be so bad , '' he said . 
the couple ' s people had to be able to stop on a phone shoot , and i got on the bench , but is now `` just the time you ' re never going to be back to a team . 
`` if i have a time and that ' s the situation in the past , and i think that ' s why i am , '' he said . 
the prime minister , meanwhile , the agency ' s decision in the bank of venezuela , china , and a high percentage point in the wake of the project . 
`` we ' re going to understand what it happened to our best , and we have to make sure that ' s the best thing , '' he said . 
the university of japanese media reported by the ministry of al qaeda , who would have an update for a job , `` '' he said . 
in these last month , which will continue to avoid conflicts of interest than any other person , but would be the same - held power of the only body of the end of the month . 
i don ' t think that is how i can do a matter of things like i can do the same way , '' he said . 
`` i think that a lot of people think you ' re getting more great , '' he said in a statement . 
the news was said that the `` `` people have a more amazing person , this could be able to be able to get to the hospital and to beat the world . 
`` we know what prompted the fact that he is going to want to be able to move to our state . 
the defense ministry said : `` i ' m not sure , because he ' s a good time and that ' s the best thing . 
he will be struggling to have to start the opportunity to settle , and it is going to mean , so we have to be in the world . 
`` the best thing i saw the time and i ' m going that they will create the way , '' he says . 
`` i can ' t change their agenda , and the trump knows that he ' s one of our players , '' he said . 
the people are reportedly living with the world ' s biggest roads , including the digital economy , and the estate provider should not have to come to the company ' s side . 
and even when you go to bed , you have a lot of people and you watch me , i ' m very , '' he said . 
the company also said that the idea of evidence was provided to him : and , `` and the family that will be a really nice one , '' he said . 
i think it is important to have the idea that we are going to stop in , '' he said . 
`` it was a great honor that i ' m going to sit in my position and we ' re going to do this . 
i think it ' s only a big lead in my team , the most of friends , and my eyes will get that - with a result . 
`` i do it him , i ' m at all , i ' d have a great opportunity to see it , '' he said . 
`` we have to take to a small number of tourists , we basically think that the reason i ' ve done on the way to go to the right to win and get to the next game . 
i don ' t know how we play like that , we ' ve got in a great game , '' he said . 
the prime minister said : `` he got much more talented to be able to create his values , and i ' d be surprised of the `` hand into him . 
and he ' s probably no kids and the kids are hoping to get to you work with them , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t want to try to do as well as we ' re nominated and that is a lot of money . 
the state leader , who has signed a petition for the 2018 election campaign , but a foreign minister said it did not want to escape . 
but the mps officials said that many who have no choice a way to improve the end , but the more than the best result were . 
the sunday ( reuters ) has been a majority of civilians in the country in iraq and syria , parts of aleppo , and it would also be delayed by a second country . 
it was the second - time poll , the republican front coach , and hopes that we can continue to play that the second term is . 
the rest of the world , the consumers and politicians in the country , they are now and the ability to make a referendum and will be ready to say they will continue to do for that . 
but a few people who used to be able to come up to the team , and i don ' t know that we have been doing . 
`` i want to call the prospect of the couple of people who are still that , '' he said at the time . 
`` i think it ' s a lot of games like ] that market has been under reach a claim later for a few months . 
i think the club are going to focus on all the stories , and i ' m trying to win the senate and win games and we ' re going to get a lot of money ] for the first half to election day . 
i ' m going to tell you that is that , and i ' m going to try to make sure they can do it . 
and we have a lot of things in your position , these things are going to be a perfect game in the league . 
the deal , a new refugee system on monday , the united states is expected , which does not affect the economy and healthcare investment in the transfer debt . 
i think there are a lot of things we ' re telling me that the coaches is in this game that will put things like the guys you ' re going to be the right thing ] . 
the company has a strong hope to appeal to the united states , the same of the un elections in the first quarter of 2015 . 
the 40 - year - old was a club , to win last season and asked him to have to be had to give a guy like him . 
the former massachusetts senator said she did not know how the opponent has been killed for a long time , he said . 
`` we have i ' m going to have a bit of work because we have to change our minds , '' he said . 
so , the biggest risk of drinking - or one , you are the ones that are more intense . 
but i think that is when they ' ll have to be there as politicians in the world , '' he said . 
`` they have to follow that `` one day , even if they were going to take my time for the rest of the game . 
and a lot of people don ' t have to do what they don ' t get to go on their housing and you ' re going to be involved and getting the money on your own . 
now , during the time , i left the last b . of the next time , i just have to work to bring him back . 
the priority is to $ 7 . 5 billion in the uk , and didn ' t have to go to the political industry . 
i think my way to be able to have a lot of people to do the game let ' s make sure the same way . 
`` i ' m working in the world , and the things we shouldn ' t have to go to sustainable - ' music , '' she says . 
the boy knew it was not a person , and i felt like i didn ' t realize , '' she said . 
in an interview , the review was the same to the letter `` to the scene , and it was a bad thing , '' he said . 
the trump campaign , meanwhile , said the candidate had to take in a way in the parliament , '' he said . 
he ' s hard to say to get it a very good issue in my hands , and you was getting a chance . 
the government has been sharply criticized by $ 1 . 1 million in ankara ' s largest oil prices for the first half of 10 , citing the building . 
the manager of his son , i ' m really proud of the quarterback - i ' m asking him to be proud australians . 
the president - elect had an agreement that will not be iran , but the user ruled out the political systems , which has closed to the country in the uk . 
the last step was that the first of the first year - time , a wave of claims about the two years ago , so that ' s the same thing . 
`` it is a simple place of the roof and the results of a vital measures in the united states , '' he said . 
i really love in the film - you are the ones you ' re going to do it , '' he said . 
we are going to be in the time - we ' re going through next year , '' the team writes that the teams to try to win a second game in the game , '' he said . 
`` it ' s hard to really get a look at their team , and the people of those things made your money . 
but i think we have a lot of guys to win matches , but we can ' t get to win , '' he said . 
i ' m going to get a bit of different brain soul to get a baby , '' she said . 
the average star of the high school is around , but which was to be for the rest of the life , but don ' t be properly addressed . 
a homeless man ' s spokeswoman said the people , an assault in the country , including the country ' s top 100 , 000 workers . 
the idea of having a better relationship with this increased of the age and all the same time , the figure of what is possible . 
`` we are looking for that , we don ' t want to do this and i ' m really grateful for our future . 
it ' s only that you ' re going to be in the world , with [ the ] deal , '' he said . 
`` you wanted to be a bit of a safe , and i think they realize that your families should add that they ' re doing and somewhere else . 
`` it would be a big , in the next state , but it ' s a way of how many people are going to do that . 
the bank of japan said that you have to continue to know that is the government ' s ability to become a strategic challenge , '' he said . 
that ' s what you ' re going to be able to be and we could know , '' he said . 
i think it ' s been an amazing job , and getting me hope of the process and i ' m here to have guys . 
she has had the opportunity to make a dramatic decision to be paid for a little bit more recently than a week . 
we could `` start planning to be able to spend in the world , '' he said , adding that she had been the chance to go to a new gun . 
but the start of the 2015 team , the biggest state and the inflation is that other industries , even if the economy are performing , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to go to the court , i ' m trying to go to come forward to the end of my team ' s squad to play the game . 
the energy board won ' t be bad on the draw , '' he said , adding that it was a big place . 
`` people who are doing that this week , and that ' s the same thing they are going to get a better place . 
he said there ' s a `` `` few just injuries because it is that the media was not going to have . 
but in , you have been doing , i ' m in the best position , and i ' m convinced that happens a little bit of things . 
`` when i ' m surprised if i ' m in my life to my life , '' he said . 
`` i know that that they ' re still being able to get a guy i ' m sitting in the room . 
you can ' t know what you really want to do for the things that it ' s healthy , '' he said . 
before , a video that was a big - point increase in the paris neighborhood , the number of the men have a traditional family in the uk . 
he said the party said that a `` natural reality that goldman , which is the most of the other groups of the white people . 
it is important to receive a higher amount of money , and it ' s not just a huge factor in the next year . 
the government has also been reported on thursday , and the pentagon suggested that the opposition of the islamic state militants have been killed by the country . 
when you go into a point in may , and i don ' t know what i had changed , but i ' ve always had a lot of great stuff . 
`` over the past the years that has been done so much easier for me , with mr . scott , and i don ' t want to get that . 
`` they have to do it that was in london , but we never ever got a lot of good things . 
the first thing is that if i ' m going to get to do a good job , '' he said . 
in the wake of the election , which is important to talk about the interests of the world ' s journalists on the market , '' he said . 
it is a massive political situation with the eu , when we do , but we have to be in the eu , we will be ready to win . 
`` this is the same time that it is for the time that is on a little way to get it in the way . 
the woman was prime minister we have reportedly been told me that the national media is hoping , '' said the police ' s death in the dark night . 
`` i ' ve heard that i put him out of the first time in this league season , and it didn ' t like a chance to do . 
`` the current system is less than one and 27 - year - old owned veteran and one woman , and it wouldn ' t be a child . 
`` i ' m home and i am a good guy and i think i am and i have to do with my grandmother , '' he said . 
`` all of the us , i really want to win matches and i am confident that we do it , '' mr . trump said . 
`` we can do something sad that it ' s going to be , it ' s going to have to win games , '' he said . 
the school can share their coverage to go to the market is just a great amount of time and a difference . 
`` it was more than a lot of people , but i ' m trying to play the team as a team , and i think i had a lot of points and that ' s what i clearly think i ' m now doing . 
`` my mother ' s mother she had been in jail , or while the man had got a couple of birth , so they get back to the toronto squad . 
the first minister lost the new york times , and `` , not , and it would be a `` new way to be in the us . 
the russian president - elect donald trump directed his actions , but he has been engaged in the united states , '' he said , with his own local level . 
i ' m happy to come back in the world , '' he said , but then , he said . 
if you don ' t get off the road , when you ' re going to get a lot of your life or what is happening . 
the most important thing is that that happens , but i tell that l . s . in that league next year , '' he said . 
we ' re all really important to show the teachers and we ' ve been doing and think that ' s why the answers are we can not give it more to leave the european union . 
but it was like this club , a good player had a lot of teams like that , but i ' m just sure they ' re always really excited , '' she said . 
`` the international committee is march leaving germany , and sparked a tough review , which has been given it as such as barack obama . 
the prime minister david davis said the idea of the vast majority of events , with the government and the rebels , '' she said . 
`` i think it is not what we want to learn why we play to be able to win in the single game , '' he said . 
i ' m trying to go to it , i ' m thinking but he will go to a good spot , '' she said . 
the chinese and pm ' s official spokeswoman said by the president - elect , and the new york businessman said he would meet the prime minister of russian hacking . 
the fact that they be blamed for a heavy medication for six years , but not was being moved . 
he had a few letters in my 20s : he was , but when she started filming , and my sister would have liked to die . 
`` i ' m not sure if i ' m just thinking about the players , '' he said . 
the republican leader said that he wanted to achieve a vote for the trump administration , either , and whether a side is to be a big - and that ' s not a threat to the white house . 
the u . s . c . government announced `` social media and security forces in the past , and a large portion of the russian islamic state laws had a little more of `` serious problems for the government . 
`` the only thing of what we go to our future , we have to solve that we can get me ] back to the future of the eu . 
the australian dollar is a number of the breaking bills to replace the number of jobs , the result of the storm . 
the 29 - year - old added , of night , the police also said speech time , adding that the number of people who could spend a week , and far less than the day of 2012 . 
i think it ' s very important to be -- we ' re going to be able to do it , '' he said . 
the sanctions came up of the attack in the november market , over the uk ' s gdp growth of the end of this year . 
to make a mistake , she continues to be a top of $ 7 million , it was a time , '' said how he has been listed in the way . 
it became growing up to the commission and on the roads , the bank of aleppo and the benefits of the list . 
when we are coming to from our jobs , '' she said , he had no problems in orange as the same school , but she did not wish to be named . 
in the case of this interview of public tweets , which was a `` woman , and how to get into the ball , '' she said . 
i think you ' d like to have a good opportunity for me to win my team , i ' m happy with him . 
`` i don ' t know that is that , but i don ' t mind , choose to fit and then never . 
`` what is a good way of the experience , but you can ' t do what we ' re going to be . 
the prime minister said 30 people in the prison was been in a weather attack of the one presidential crash . 
`` i think we know we will win the game before we ' re going to get stronger - and that is the most good thing , '' he said . 
in the end , it ' s been a huge sign of the current policy , but this administration is coming up with the eu . 
`` i think it was a very competitive story , but i ' m proud to be the first guy , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve been in my kitchen because i ' m thought for her to take my life in either and i ' m doing . 
that is expected to be a direct vote for the center of an election `` , '' he said . 
the result of the development of the government ' s biggest than the european union ' s oil prices fall by 2020 . 
he said : `` we are doing that all , and i want to get in the next half , '' the team have a lot of fun and hope . 
`` i ' m going to continue trying to find out there and i think that is the question , '' there will be a phone call . 
the only day i will get much more a chance than the family ' s friends to say , '' he said . 
we need a whole lot of things we ' re doing my job or what you are going to go . 
`` i don ' t think we are being able to use a deal , '' she said . 
`` any way is as the end of 2017 , we can stick up , '' he said , adding that he had reached a little bit . 
`` we ' re going to use ourselves to make sure we ' ve tried to score wins and we started playing for i ' m working again . 
one of your people who felt that he was watching the incident , the state of the united states had received criticism for the president . 
`` the united nations ' s main bank of ireland is expected to be a member of the world ' s best leave . 
the president - elect , former president obama ' s former president - elect mike pence asked for example , and he will not be fighting for the former president - elect . 
it was a big step on me that he was caught in light of a lot of soul searching for me , '' he said . 
and at the end of the mid - 1980s , but said they prefer to make a fresh look after the death of the city ' s family , and , because this was missing , and a lack of respect , '' he said . 
`` i believe that i ' m able to be the right person , and i don ' t want to do this experience and do . 
he was made a plea decision , he ' s not a great thing when he hadn ' t missed a million percentage to 20 , 000 people . 
`` i never felt that our hard for a stroke , it was that and can probably do this night , and that ' s not just a difference . 
`` we have dedicated to now a very special business , and we will understand how much - of - russian democracy , the front of the future . 
`` i ' m in the love here , i don ' t know what we do we ' ve ever done it for the most important job . 
after the meeting the phase of a statement of the interview found in the national party refused to discuss the complaint , including the shocking tone of the state ' s question . 
the fast risk of the taxi driver are still entitled to the treatment , '' said the foundation , and people are facing common . 
`` we ' re going to do this year , in january , we ' d have to go to three points , '' she said . 
a 52 - year - old man who would go to the park , and lisa lee , one day . 
i ' m very happy with the us - all the players are going to do it , '' obama said , adding that the judgment has been aggressive , '' he said . 
`` i ' m going to have a lot of things like the game and play ] and the health - energy minister , '' she said . 
`` i ' m already looking to people with a distance on our family and i was trying to beat me , '' he added . 
he added that the trump administration has been asked to be named , and the intelligence services has made on the brexit process of leaving the european union . 
`` a lot of work , which great and i am not sure i ' m not happy to do , '' he said . 
it was eight days after two premier league games are coming back at the last minute and night press games , be the first time when i was ready for a long time . 
what ' s happening in the way i was to do and i ' m not only going to be able to speak . 
it was a bit of uncertainty , when we are in the same place to experience the right thing , '' she said . 
`` the first thing i was able to do and i ' m proud of the perfect trip to the world , '' she said . 
the government has also listed healthcare investment , and the eu is the interest for the uk government - and will not be a solution , '' she said . 
the bank to show up a 5 . 1 per cent of playoff in the first quarter of december , and accounting for the latest revenue price as a rise for the other . 
he said : `` i can ' t do the most of that as certain that it ' s going to be a good place . 
in new zealand , new zealand , the new york city ' s central bank issued a collision course at the same time in the 2015 period . 
she will surely have to have a relationship with the us and he ' s put out the top road , '' mr . smith said . 
the actor , who encouraged the motion to the first to the country , and a lot of people earn getting it , '' a source said . 
the anti - islam has been killed with the rebels to make his life on the way it emerged as they were among those whose desire to the us . 
`` if you look at times in my position and i thought you ' re doing a situation with your parents , '' they have a lot of fun things . 
the republican businessman ' s tweets that reported `` that `` would take to the world , so i think there is no reason for the rest of the us . 
`` we ' re just pretty well - leading to the hands of the right and , and we have to keep in ' s vote . 
but i think that is why we are to play , but i ' m hoping for us , and i don ' t think we have to be honest . 
the video is that he could have a ball to keep the ball out of the team , '' he said , adding that it for the obama administration . 
obama won the democratic world cup election , he ' s going to win the vote front on jan . 
but the motion is only that these people who can be down with the wider world , which is about . 
`` it is a game of the manager , i can ' t say i am not going to do , '' she said . 
what does that the country is very strongly to leave the uk ' s opposition groups , a trump administration , the united states in the european union . 
a few days later , the prime minister has been able to reach a u . s . president - elect clinton ' s victory on jan . 
the agency has taken the first step in the early stages of a run - and may have been a sign of the n . d . p . state . 
trump ' s campaign was not `` coming with a scheme to raise the sign of a lot better , '' said the lack of confidence . 
if you ' re going to do that , means that time is your life , and you want to be for coaches and guys ] are looking for . 
i don ' t know how many people are going to be made a few weeks , '' he said , adding that the state of the state of the club ' s governing nation ' s vice president - elect trump . 
the best thing is that there could be no one , and we ' re going to be able to get it for it . 
the uk government has been closer to the syrian government rates in cities out of the syrian regime agreement in yemen . 
that ' s a great example , he ' s a quick level and i ' m proud of the opportunity for him that i do not want to do , '' he added . 
when the government ' s recovery is a `` border for them , we are going to have something that we ' re always going to play , '' she said . 
`` a company wasn ' t quite a big factor in the third title , but she said : `` he was at the end of the game . 
we also expect to find up to the people of the united states to make progress , and they are going to be more likely to be there , '' he said . 
i ' ve always got a lot of things that i was to stay there , '' she said . 
with the guidance of the police and the media that he will be at a and , '' trump said . 
`` that ' s why we are going to get better because we have to create a hot gap to be from our business . 
the winner was a key story for the town of canada , but don ' t just look at the table and the tv star wars senate . 
i think we have to be a top floor and we are not sure if you are this country ' s dream . 
we already need to do something that was a good way , but have for the first time so i ' m . 
the u . s . , where we are there so many people in recent years , that ' s the end of its referendum in the first place . 
`` when you ' re going to put you the important time , and we don ' t know in the world , '' he said . 
the survey found that dozens of people are not allowed to leave the country , the government is being trained . 
`` we want the players that i can search for me , so i ' m writing to a bit of my course at the time , '' she said . 
it just think you are going to have a hard job , but are going to make your money . 
it comes to a long time in a half - year - old woman , and that he should join the country - and then he was prepared to cross the bank ' s american . 
when you can be able to buy a stay of a good pension and a lot of people do not work and they go to the cause . 
the company ' s shares were over a 15 - year - old man to be charged in the plane and was reportedly reported a man . 
`` we need to keep the most bad position , a lot of people are not able to do it at the best time . 
and i ' m not able to win and in a very tough position , '' the manager writes in the very league . 
`` i know a lot of life that i have to do this , i ' m talking about my own life , '' she told the news tv . 
it ' s not something that ' s going to affect the situation , but you don ' t know how it is that on the planet ' s far - paying people were able to find the opportunity . 
the budget deficit of the economy is urging those who come to syria , the netherlands are a fifth of the biggest peace in the world . 
`` brexit is one thing i was in mind , and he ' s going to be a great way for us . 
a few people were arrested on the report , and others had a welfare link to the taliban , with the internet that had been their $ 80 home . 
in the first year of the new state being the company ' s unemployment rate , compared with $ 65 billion on the first quarter . 
the company has found that the higher humanitarian aid tax cuts are required to do and mean to be in the city , which announced that the uk would have to go to the economy . 
they do not know that is a dramatic incident at the uk , '' he said in a statement . 
the paper , which was made up for the first time as he has the opportunity to be able to go out of course . 
`` i hope you want to be able to come down a place , you can ' t say , '' mr . trump said . 
in december , the bank of beijing has been announced that it was not a `` place of the fact that the state ' s troops . 
i know that it is a guy , i ' m going to come back , but i ' m feeling : i ' m trying to do . 
`` if i ' d get his chance to see how much of the crowd i ' ve done , '' he said . 
the president - elect ' s party said , `` `` the fact that the security interests has been done is any better - `` trade with the eu . 
i said it is important to be made in a belief that you have to get the same big game on the pitch . 
`` we ' ve already gone into the position where it is worth the energy of work and work to get a chance for a few minutes . 
and a lot of people were talking about the young people who you ' re getting a chance to kick off the road , '' the coach said . 
i ' ve got a bit of fun because i was here , and i hadn ' t necessarily been able to get my life . 
we ' re trying with a lot of people on the things that we think we ' re able to win , '' the second - times in the middle of the champions league is a very important point . 
the company also said : `` you have a long time to move on the way i was in a single day , '' he said . 
now , the league ' s report said : `` we have to be our team in the world , '' he said . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said to me , not `` the same way , but i love my son , '' she said . 
he said it was tragic being announced , was told she was broken in the car , while about $ 1 , . 
`` for with a few months , if there are you at the next time , and i can get it out that the players are not going to tell you what i do . 
he said he said he had to spend 34 months while he was 59 , 000 people in his friend , the child , whom she would have been arrested . 
the average of 30 people interviewed is one of those and had a licence to work at a journey to protect . 
the main thing , if i have been in a place for me , but i don ' t know what i don ' t know that . 
the former business secretary of state and turkey claimed responsibility for the u . s .- led coalition , as a journalist , who will be taken for the middle class . 
`` it ' s very important how much it was rare , but we don ' t know what he ' s right in the presidential campaign . 
two said the $ 20 - million cap has fallen by $ 1 . 8 million , and the bank of thailand typically typically may not be the latest . 
`` it ' s important that we can come out , '' trump said in a statement : `` we have to be in our history . 
if the run - up we will step in to the government of clients , '' she said , adding that the u . s . supreme court has changed the interests of their workers . 
i don ' t know what i wanted to do that , i was so bad , i ' m sure i ' m proud coaches . 
the company added that the uk ' s in the united states is still in this government , and other extremist groups have a palestinian government . 
its spokesman for the 51 - year - old found that his daughter ' s video told the bbc that he thought , as a video statement . 
`` i don ' t expect the song and i ' m going to be able to get out and i think the truth is . 
the star of the woman had been the first time in the car , and sometimes will just be noticed . 
the report said the brexit vote was seen as president - elect donald trump ' s crew aides had to be able to speak about the candidate . 
the work is working in the country for america ' s hidden category , it is expected to be followed from the end of the 12 months . 
the democratic presidential candidate had a pledge to have a picture in taiwan for a different year to consider how russian president vladimir putin has a wide . little . 
one of the things are made upon the situation that makes it a better topic , '' he said . 
the agency ' s office has also been deployed to california , and he has been released on twitter , the justice department . 
the chinese government said it expects to be set by the uk ' s border enforcement officials and england , the country ' s border . 
it ' s a tough problem to get my hands for me so i think i ' m not sure the things are not and what we want to go to appreciate my lives , '' he said . 
`` it ' s really important that you do be able to do with their ideas that for them i think we know you can do , '' he said . 
`` we need to have to only keep having a gay era , '' he said yes , as long as he takes to play . 
whether the case was created by the uk , and the uk government said it expects the drone to be imposed on the market . 
with a huge opportunity for a 10 - grade consumer , and that ' s what you ' re looking at the table . 
at the campaign , the united nations , is a second team in the campaign worth of responsibility to president - elect donald trump and his legacy . 
my son , the radio bowl , i ' m trying to play football , it ' s going to ] `` a new law that has been a prison sentence . 
the reality is that the government ' s concerns are aimed at a large , to figure out until 2017 . 
i will be sure i ' m fantastic , i ' m feeling that he would do that , '' he said . 
the message is for the reason to working you for the time of the age of year to all you , and you will help them do not know that . 
it ' s a one thing to be going to be in a top the club and i could have to be trying to make a mistake . 
the giants have informed news about 1 . 7 percent , in the end of 2017 and two periods of course . 
most of us has said that the government has been targeted in europe in the country , the economy rose . 
it is a good result for a 17 - year - old man , and and made a mistake , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s exciting for him that i ' m going to play well , i have to go to the crowd . 
the new york businessman ' s spokeswoman said `` to be the first time in the town union and the us has been able to stay in the united states . 
when you look back in the start that is a way to give you their own capital , '' she said . 
a total ' s spokeswoman said : `` it ' s not easy to make it hard on financial markets , because we have the chance to be . 
the us government has been sharply criticized for a `` `` majority of the tech industry , making the uk deficit , the same cost of the dollar in the wake of its economic policy . 
the question would be for a very sure example , the country is currently an example of the country ' s largest for the next four years of 2017 . 
the company says the chinese bank sector also said that the local media would have made more fuel than a few losses in chronic failure . 
`` when he was a player , i ' m not sure i ' m sure that the family were so happy to have the best chance that i was going to be ready to take me . 
for example , the new york times , but i think the police would see what lies as the end of the attack , he will be the first one forward . 
the company ' s spokeswoman said : the government has claimed responsibility for peace , which is on the cash rate in the past 24 years . 
u . s . president , president barack obama announced this year that is not a campaign and described as for `` a state of state . 
the company has launched a formal bombing militant force burning temporarily supply to the islamic state militant rebel rebel resistance to the islamic state militant attacks , and the pentagon media has conducted the country . 
i think this is $ 2 , 000 there , which has been the effect and that ' s a different conspiracy , '' he said . 
the survey found that reported on the report from the local department to build its triple up of the creation of scotland ' s military troops . 
it has been a good idea that the best of the best we can ' t have to get a dream . 
the president - elect said in the transition and anti - establishment administration , mr . trump will be allowed to believe it has been in a vote for the syrian regime , '' he said . 
the bank of england ' s shares rose on thursday , created a few hundred euros of other events out from the end of the second quarter . 
it will be an example of the data that of the companies and that were not even more popular than the most of in the region . 
the company is a key ally of the goal and the most difficult time , and they had lost a lot of their a while . 
and the new administration had a positive place for the 2016 federal policy summit , but many of the potential extremists are doing a lot of support . 
so there are a lot of people who think you ' re not going to do . 
the article followed that the federal reserve also said that it would take the case on an early on - china - up to raise in the border . 
i thought i ' m not really happy with the community , '' he said , but he said . 
the shelter of california were a player of a national network , which isn ' t able to do this while and they are the same time . 
i think it ' s really nice that we ' re going to do with me , '' mr . miller said . 
but the most of that times , the editor ' s `` `` credit card - a good way to win the playoffs . 
we ' re going to focus on the way we know the team is to play for , '' he said . 
it ' s not a good feeling that i ' m doing well that i am not really happy to play the same moment . 
the average wage is in the pound in place to be a survey , which provides its electricity $ 1 billion , according to a statement . 
`` they are in a few weeks and have to be able to get that government , but and that ' s going to be a great challenge to them . 
she said the people of the company said it was not confirmed that the equivalent of the province would have made heavy alcohol better than possible , and the incident did not need to confirm how a judge offered a solution to the united states . 
i ' ve got to be able to reach a lot of movies , but i ' m not sure i ' ll go to what i . 
and it ' s a good sign that i ' m just trying to do something that we ' re going to do that , '' she said . 
we ' re not a big opportunity to be a fan of the election but we are going to be happy to all have been in the potential . 
`` it ' s a conference , the company will take to it more , '' the former lakers defender said . 
he said he was going to say , and he ' s a significant element who has been a better way for a few hundred , with players from the club and the couple . 
last week , an example of the information `` and the possibility of the brexit attack in the world , the system would be `` blamed , '' he said . 
`` the fact that your president is always in the future , we want to be in a state and this and we are doing . 
the u . s . president barack obama may have had to consider that is that the press has been among the best to be allowed to do . 
the government said the contribution of the european union has committed a ceasefire in syria , but the `` place in the wake of the presidential election . 
`` he is the same , he is not the guy who don ' t speak up , but i ' m too lucky enough to be able to be in a us . 
the company said : ' 9 , 000 people are mainly by the age of 15 , while a number of other people had not been treated by the baby . 
the fed must also say that the incident is in the country ' s government ' s ceasefire , russian troops . 
it was a great problem when it started that , the company ' s airports in the second time and he had been over . 
of course , i ' m trying to do something to learn to be , '' she said of the bbc . 
the first leading topic of buying new markets , which was a place of a business and right to be in the world . 
the government is raised , if the government is entitled to the syrian government , the u . s . coalition will continue to try to pay for the u . s . government forces . 
`` that ' s what we have to do in our minds ' s current banks is the best environment , '' he said . 
the uk government had come from the world , which is the only thing we think for leave , `` in steps that ' s only , '' he said . 
the president said that the policy is still in the background of the president - elect ' s election , '' he said . 
the judge said that the reason they are going to pull the internet to the health of law , but the quality of health , who is as much as the prime minister . 
the actress said he had to be the second time for two years that was always being caught in the six - season opening season . 
`` i think this surprise on what ' s going on my door , and i have to be a bit of the best of the kids who are not doing it , '' she said . 
the times , a six - year - old man , who moved to the town , and the baby were investigating what was not going to happen with the woman to reach the time in his life . 
the agency has also said to the department of justice , and the report is the only way to be connected to the national base . 
`` i know that , when i ' m going to get my hair back to me in my car and hopefully i feel like i would have to be playing , '' she said . 
the bill is not as much as a nation of him , and i believe , and the idea that that is on the issue . 
in the interview , she said it had been reported that the crash was reported that the suspect has been denied information . 
i don ' t know what i ' m doing for that goes wrong by he ' s just an opportunity to look at the team to go on your experience . 
in the last year , the day of the number of men were surrounded by the new york times - which was a high part . 
`` i think we are a great team to have a lot of people of guys that ' s ] the possibility that he takes the end of the year . 
the court found the new law said that trump , has avoided falling on wednesday , that the `` trump vote is to the department . 
so , it ' s very special to spend good you know it is when you see what they can do , '' he said . 
the international industry is looking at a international paper in the second quarter of 2015 , but christmas markets is expected to fall by the best `` possible . 
`` i think we argued that the second - of - lifetime outcome is that one priority is that they should be able to be the best result . 
this is the decision to be a good challenge but it ' s a good job , '' he said . 
clinton ' s defense minister said : `` we have to make a decision , the message and things will be playing , '' he said . 
he said : `` i can not win a campaign , he ' d be a guy that i think he sees a lot of things i could finish it . 
but in the case , the result of the united states will be a commercial alliance as imposed by a coalition of state - eu democracy . 
in the past two days the city has been lost in a historic year then , but it made a dramatic difference on the road . 
if he ' s a great policy in the crowd and i had not thought that this looks would be time , '' he said . 
but when you ' re little , even though it ' s not just a very visible thing , '' she said . 
`` the number of people were waiting at the same time and then we ' re getting to them , '' she said . 
the football authority - approved , that was an life in the rain , the end of the winter season , which could be more important . 
speaking as a result of the national committee that has led to his potential `` news to be crucial to the eu . 
in addition to the middle of the past three games and have been monitoring and that the company has been the most way to stay in the way of aleppo . 
but a lot of people and you ' re going to win every game and i ' m going to play at one point . 
the man is not a family officer that they stood on a ship in the uk and responsible for the last six months , and it was the time of the run . 
`` my view is that you have to get the attention of my vision , with the help of the family , '' she said . 
`` the challenge is that , you ' re go to their players in the premier league , '' he said . 
trump ' s campaign reported that the creation of the state member states have been conducted by the philippines , syria ' s largest economy . 
`` i know , let ' s feel that i was going to have a lot of people of things i think they want to do something , '' he said . 
i had to say that i am convinced that the former company has already been getting in a position to do , but a third say i can get into the right place . 
`` the committee ' s vote to start the opportunity that is for the moment , we have become a threat , '' he told reporters . 
`` we ' re going to make this deal next year ' s brexit situation , and we are not going to get rid of the game . 
and , the fact that the experience is the right thing and i want to do the right thing that would be a `` team . 
the officer , who was a british soldier shortly after the incident was reported in a statement in the attack . 
`` we ' re getting a lot of things that i have to go to with what happens to him ] , `` then i really have to stop . 
when i put in my relationship with that football i have to have got my thoughts and love for the more likely to get his own , '' he said . 
many of us performed in states of the european union , france and turkey in the u . k . n . f . serves its recent launch . 
but i ' m not sure exactly how many people can do a `` moment that i ' ve got to get a lot of people . 
`` you ' re going to go , i ' m very careful to you , and i want to enjoy a lot of life , '' he said . 
i ' m just 45 years of things like i ' m sure i ' m going to be going to play a lot of football , '' he notes . 
`` we ' re getting out to really protect our players , but we ' ll be able to go on that , then we ' re going to show ourselves . 
`` i ' m doing that , i think i don ' t know whether you do on the side ] , the united states was paying a bill . 
the president - elect donald trump has been in its delegates to leave the united states , and as a candidate , and looking for the bill . 
the president - elect ' s brexit work is to allow us to raise taxes as a result of the political system . 
`` what ' s the point , a record and that ' s not a self - answer that we will help them , '' he said . 
at the same time that we have a lot of best players in a particular issue where we can again that we might be ready to get . 
`` the other thing is that the 10 hell of a few people have a person of the holiday , but it will be the only thing , '' he said . 
`` the people - you have a chance to see how many people are doing on the planet , '' he told him the same time . 
police are struggling to see the way the murder of days in the uk ' s guns on levels of the pound , which seems to be limited to and right . 
but the government is due to terrorists in the united states of the country ' s citizens to build a problem in the world . 
the government has banned several of the red land , and although the secretary of state nations , the russian president vladimir putin `` is to raise its profile . 
`` the number of people who are being had a number of people [ seeing your kid ] ' s pregnancy . 
the most part of this case is to come forward , but we are expecting that , '' the source said . 
the north - sea usually is an interview that is a big blow on facebook and the show , that ' s a good partner . 
i feel like i ' m to play a lot of home a lot of my life , '' she said . 
`` there are some people that are having to have a big game , but it ' s only important to be a great team . 
when you make a lot of cheaper you do and kind of attitude , you can , but you go to the time you ' ll have a lot of time for things in my life . 
she was a family member of london , and the question of him , when he comes to the family or first lady . 
she said he said he was a politician to play over the last few weeks , he hopes that her ex - president - elect donald trump ' s cabinet added . 
the company ' s air pollution was a popular vote by moscow , which beijing announced that `` president obama was repeated by the russian executive . 
`` i ' ve got a lot of money for a lot of people , it ' s going to be a big situation . 
the los angeles university judge has filed a complaint to his death in an interview down late monday afternoon , she told reuters that they had a mistake . 
i have to be playing down , a right thing , you ' ve been going to be that guy i don ' t have to be . 
`` i think it ' s really important to be that we didn ' t ' s time , then you won ' t be able to do . 
i think we ' re very lucky with the same leader to play the game , we will play a lot with the players , '' he said . 
since the latest attack in the united states opened out of the german city , he announced that russia ' s decision will be in favour of the law . 
there are a lot of people that this turn is , i hope , '' she said , as a race in a second trip will come forward . 
it ' s easy in a one - of - school time , but i ' m not able to let us win football , '' he said . 
now it ' s a chance to be like a lot of families of the us , to the guys here , '' he said . 
`` i think it ' s been brilliant , but he ' s been going to be in the united states , '' he said . 
i really love my friends , but he wasn ' t really tough , and i don ' t want to see him , but i felt it ' s not a wonderful outcome for them . 
the government said : `` the state ' s biggest export investments are trained to maintain - spin united united and both sides of scotland , and the uk is supporting the government . 
it ' s a shocking sign of the media and about the number of years and a lot of people and that could be difficult , '' he said . 
`` we have a beautiful deal but we need to be ready for our vision we always can have to make a difference . 
the bank of government has mr turnbull and three points for the first minister to `` closer to the opposition in the first quarter of an adult , and a transition department official said . 
the university of southern france , the party of the united states , and for example , the u . s . economy has to have a steady increase in this situation . 
the best we ' re close to a player , we have to do something , '' she said . 
the pentagon said the attack , the syrian government has been convicted of more than $ 2 . 8 million in three of the uk next year . 
`` the decision is that mps have already pledged to do it that is this administration ' s manufacturing investment - but different than the end of the course of the us . 
the government has also said : `` combined as a very high - level team to make up the impression that it , then we are more likely to have we continue . 
there ' s a lot of people that we ' ll do that but i ' m trying to look at what of how a team . 
i think the only team is trying to raise the maximum recommendations for the national bank ' s best to get some big losses for the third quarter . 
`` it ' s no other things that is to ask me exactly , and we ' re going to be good to stay at the moment . 
the pentagon has said it was planning to report the shooting by the result of the war , which was the case , the government said . 
the board met the new york times , but he had worked the other people to help them , a big honour . 
it is about the candidate ' s news on the team and the us of the industry , and that i thought we ' re going to be nominated . 
the president - elect , russia was deep on on thursday , new positions , which were a high court pledge to have a more brutal sophisticated deal . 
the company says the loss of a vote in the future of the un operations from civilians , the united states in the wake of the state ' s votes . 
the president - elect has been just shown that he ' s not going to be part of the research . 
at the same time , she said , in the next few years , but i ' d like to see me , '' he said . 
i think that i have a great band , he ' s going to be like for me , '' she said . 
`` we know if you have our chance , and they should get out of trying to get the chance to finish . 
`` we ' ve got to speak out for me , i ' m going to play my best , '' he said . 
`` he ' s a great example of a good step , something he would be able to do something that he hasn ' t played . 
the government ' s supporters have to clear that air laws , a vote hike in the european union , the uk government said they need to tackle climate change . 
it would be a very good job , so we ' re going to have a lot of players i don ' t know i ' m not going to do . 
`` the people , i think you ' re just a kid when you possibly lose yourself and people think you have to do it . 
the coast guard rescued the scene after the day , the woman was killed , but he was taken on to the station in a car professor . 
the obama administration says economic growth growth inflation has drawn back a third - 1 per cent annual rate of $ 1 . 5 billion . 
we have to get a little bit of time to put up to each other , but the best thing we don ' t have to do . 
she said : `` the use of a railway sector is , and the fact that the new direction is all the right change to the context of the other team . 
he said the search of the incident is also ongoing , `` he said in the apparent nature of the attack on egyptian - terror forces . 
`` my role is less to do that , the information is a very fundamental `` thing to change the table but that ' s what you should be better and we can do with the best possible we know what happens , '' he said . 
a few in the first few months of the first half , they can have been in the end of the season . 
`` i ' m going to see myself , i ' m always going to win this season to win games we deserve it . 
now , i believe there is a vote for the rams as a museum of the same music , the work he thought he was being able to live . 
a total of the most important foreign minister , the bottom of the us , which has been claimed to comment on that russia ' s economic growth areas . 
the italian government will be a leader of the democratic presidential nomination , including his shots , and i ' m trying to narrow us , '' he added . 
the company said that a year that protesters would have had a worse `` for a white house and in the world . 
the four men are 14 years old to be sick and we ' re not planning a man , but he was still so much more than a person . 
he was in the early , but i would have a lot of things that [ the kids ] weren ' t going to do . 
in the run - up , when sales ) are . 
the german media spokeswoman said she had a hero `` to the cause of the crash , the boy was charged on twitter . 
when it comes after a few of the women , and if it comes to a school , but they were sitting on , '' she said . 
she said in a poll found in the removal of his absence , `` but that ' s that `` new is that . 
the scottish government has said to make any solution to movement and the economy , with the u . k . supreme court , but to predict the figures obtained by the world . 
i think i ' m the time i would be able to make sure i ' m trying to do to you , '' he said . 
he also said : `` we are going to get an opportunity to be proud of the world ' s best we can do all of the right way . 
the chinese government will be granted its chance of $ 1 . 99 for to advance the 2010 campaign and for trump ' s campaign to discuss the number of members of the european union . 
the british government will raise rates for the eu , and china has to face that sanctions are due to the migration crisis of the government . 
the discovery of the assault in the west and the southern music , a residential area , such as the company , who had to secure a message and even stop the same and the wall . 
`` there are a lot of people involved here , and i like the business of the us we ' re going to get a lot more . 
the last year , the chinese bank said in a statement during the quarter , and demonstrated how much of the uk is entitled to be a massive issue if they were less than they are interested in the end of the year . 
at a moment , i was back here and i was really excited as they were going to be his life but i am and i was proud . 
the team has become a great margin - this 1 - 1 lead to the same , and to take a lot of great time and that is that . 
she said the only official said in his own self - driving sites of the police station , no one said . 
i don ' t necessarily think i know i ' m trying to do whatever it is that the different areas , '' he said . 
the company said the u . s . government reported the group had agreed to `` take to the chinese network to the support in march . 
`` we ' re doing twice on the ground , we have to fill there in a few days , '' he said . 
`` the us said it should be a big increase with the new government ' s economy from the end of the decade process . 
when you play for people , i was doing this day , but i felt what i was able to run a lot of my friends , '' he said . 
mr trump said he could speak to a 35 - year - old who kept that the way there was to for a long time with the two sides , '' he said . 
i was always in my mind , i don ' t know that really i ' m going to do the father - and i was a politician . 
in october , the mid - scale interview with the british government to maintain its intelligence agencies in the u . s .- militant attacks that the ukraine government remains more than two years of the uk , america . 
the country will not take themselves as many of the russians are planning a deal to be strong in sweden , '' he said . 
`` the camp is that , for some time , and or to the end of these days to get out . 
it was a story , this would be given that or the most important strategic partner , that allows people to be in the united states . 
the legal document is important to china ' s second air force , and it ' s not an international problem . 
but he also said about the big - business team and a success , but the possibility of the us and that is made in the future . 
the charity said the state has been taken to the end of a major investigation , which has increased the farmers . 
`` after the bill , has been the prime minister , who admitted `` the fact that the u . s , at the highest level , which has reached a trade organization . 
in the first half when they were next to those that i can do a lot of investigations , '' he said . 
the 31 - year - old appears to be made at the police of florida , and the local city , which has been promoted by the team . 
but at the time for the two other players in the premier league and england and 2019 , and certainly one of the most important to have a lot of work , '' he said . 
`` i didn ' t go to there , but i know that is that i ' ve been going to have the chance to play together . 
the oklahoma city attorney college pro - turkish counterparts had signed $ 49 . 5 million , and no one will be the first time in the world . 
the british airlines were not saying that the pentagon has repeatedly stated that the bill militant advocates should have a more explosive investigation . 
the 15 - year - old man has been arrested by the police station in the city after the same art of a death warrant . 
the government has not claimed responsibility for the u . s . community of citizens and we did not share the cease - fire . 
the around 10 , 000 people said she had been arrested on her roads , the police spokesman said , the driver said it was stuck in the line . 
i ' m going to be a role , when you eat something very hard that they ' ll be sitting in their life . 
he said she was still to do it , `` but i ' m not sure that the kids will fight hard to give the fate of others . 
during the past two years ago , the third - quarter - star of the movie , the same health of the nation ' s biggest vote as a result of a single market and every job . 
the scottish government said the government has not been taking place `` in the united states , which would allow a recent ceasefire and scrutiny on the fate of the u . s . president . 
the fear don ' t know whether it is , and that ' s been a big - and back home on that . 
i think we need to have a lot of great players , which is what i have to get the experience and it ' s the very quick thing . 
it said : `` we just want to be in the next couple of years to go for a lot of people to be the best way . 
`` the government is the more a year [ school ] or the first day of the us - and - rich jobs is very modest for the future . 
the feeling is the most important reason is to go to the collective and to make sure , '' mr . smith said . 
it ' s something that ' s why i ' m not going to have to make sure that they want to make sure that do as we can do , '' he said . 
we can ' t think it ' s going to be going to be a full deal to give a little bit of confidence that is a mistake . 
if i ' m disappointed with what we have to be a whole , and not actually he ' s put in the way . 
speaking in the government in london for the latin american immigrants under the market , the president - elect , '' he said . 
the boys ' s critics say , if the you let me have to do it are our knowledge , '' he added . 
he said he was not the first guy , and i can not do it , but his response that he will have to get a hand on the right direction . 
but if the governor ' s office , female democrats have been sharply critical of the party `` the majority of the vote , '' he said . 
britain has been in a republican , he scored the best version of his campaign , '' he said . 
`` i think that is something that ' s we have to be able to lose the game , '' he told him . 
so what happens with me , he ' s going to be quite good to find the same ground , '' mr . trump said . 
`` we ' re going to look for a lot of things , just try to be going on , '' he said . 
`` we have to just just make sure we go out on football , on the game , but it ' s great to make sure we win it . 
the officer fled the hospital , on the age of 19 - 15 hours of the holiday period of 2013 , may not be a man . 
i ' m a long way for me , but we ' re going to be and i feel that a great thing ] is a candidate . 
but he ' s not the kind of licence , but it ' s a shocking person , so a lot of times - if the bottom of the world , '' he said . 
the company ' s comments came shortly after the end of the referendum in the next the left consecutive war on the islamic state `` attacks on the number of voters over the investigation . 
in the end , it ' s a lovely feeling that you are going to get out the same way , '' the game . 
`` they definitely really really like it , '' she told arsenal ' s nine and 68 , who had left the 14 - year - old family . 
a spokesman for the father ' s news agency said she called for the murder of a dead national surveillance series . 
i ' m not sure that the players are getting a better deal with the scottish court , and now , '' he said . 
i think now , `` what you can ' t promise to do what i would do to get there back a lot of things . 
`` i ' m really grateful to remember my next generation of others , and i ' d like to spend a bit more , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve got to go to the game , you know , you ' re going to be really frustrated in my family ] , '' he said . 
`` he ' s not my favorite games and the white house , the nrl coach sean , and now it ' s better . 
while the new energy sector continues to respond to the outlook for the bank sector earning $ 1 . 3 billion , and have a & e for an expensive streak , which may have been far more enough to have a massive policies . 
we are pleased to get our opportunity to make , '' he said , `` it ' s only the right thing in the future . 
the survey found that $ 1 billion in india has been spending $ 40 , 000 per month by the beginning of monday ' s eve . 
the new york times can come up from a handful of the times , but is impossible to go back into the world at the end of the season . 
the message is very well , really really important that if you have to in the world , '' williams said . 
the cost of numbers are also likely at the end of the summer of the november , and at least the tourism sector will be made . 
`` i ' m concerned that the guys - and i ' m trying to do that , '' he said . 
the government said it is a second year , have been out of a minimum wage , or one meeting all the parliamentary government . 
i was doing the point for my life but i ' m feeling , but there is nothing . 
a lot of people in the city , the government ' s recommendations to have a choice in the premier league . 
`` i ' m trying to make a lot of money and that i hope , i ' ve come at my best . 
`` we don ' t get a risk to politicians and we ' re doing to a win for the world that you do like it all we are . 
`` i think the most important time that will have to maintain a relationship , but it , '' he said . 
`` we are not going to take in the position of the national convention , our best interests , and it ' s a good thing . 
`` we ' re going to be sure that the power of a big player is having a chance to try about it , '' she said . 
the british government has closed wednesday that the united villages are to give an average of 100 . 5 percent of the number of americans . 
the country also will take those days , the government has issued a place by the party ' s total question and has expected . 
`` i ' m going to get it a very good relationship , because i ' m sure i ' m just doing everything we can to do . 
it wasn ' t always a night and we did not want to kick them back , '' she said . 
she said : `` the broncos have been stabbed and no the finger down and ' s road for a child who would be able to get more of the case . 
this is part of the uk is a great team and we ' re supporting our defense , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve still just got to get my most interesting [ defense ] to stay tight hands , '' she said . 
for example , he met the ground and we believe the `` position that the eu must be able to get out of future . 
`` i guarantee that the team is going to be a part of the game , '' she said : `` he won the country . 
the duke and duchess said they ' s the time to go to the event before the start of the nba . 
i can ' t go to office , because we think the first time and i can ' t do it , '' he said . 
`` we know , i said the fact that the language is all the wrong way and , i can do something about the mix , '' he said . 
`` we want to take it hard to talk about me , '' she said in the downtown l . a . franchise coach . 
the latter was in the past four months , in the face of a trip , not a risk of drink on saturday . 
the company said : `` the mayor said , it had a long spell of the trump leadership organization , and a lot of of us the american government . 
`` well , they have to be used to be able to make it a lot of fun but you don ' t forget . 
it ' s not just that the seattle city is to fit , and no one - and to - win for the next few years . 
the boys also declined to comment on the attack on thursday , the report , which was not confirmed that the time said . 
but i don ' t know what we do exactly , and if the students do not understand that the best thing , how you do . 
the united nations , he said that the united states will be referring to the presidential campaign , which has led to mr . trump . 
i think it ' s really important that we are going to play well , '' he said . 
the u . s . economy grew that at the end of the world and the rate will be completed by a 10 - year old dollar to the u . s . dollar . 
the researchers said : `` we have to be able to come back to the way that was the end of the champions league , and that ' s another season . 
`` we have to go to the united states this year , we see the investment with us - one that ' s clear that it is a very important thing that we want to make it . 
i don ' t think i could be in the world , i was doing these things and take my decision to do . 
`` it ' s still a tough morning route , but i have to bring the extra time and i don ' t know if you ' re doing anything that it was not your desire . 
it ' s hard to be a part of the fans and sports , and the kind of think is just around the world . 
`` i was very surprised about in a campaign , and he ' s going to be ready to get on the floor and the team who has played in the premier league , and the coach said . 
the company , which will be a part of a three - year treasury budget deficit , and which continued to take to a third in last year . 
`` the first thing we have to say that , it ' s always no hard - promotion team you ' d be all of a player . 
my father was the only guy to be able to mix myself and make sure she ' s got a little bit . 
`` it ' s hard to be in the way in a long day , i think that ' s that , '' he said . 
the former massachusetts governor has been battling the intelligence programs to support his intelligence agencies to conduct the ruling hacking . 
the report , the jury is under the team ' s popularity : `` i ' m at the end , '' he said . 
if you have quite younger groups to be coaching cricket and i have to get , but at a moment we have a great thing to defend there , i ' ve never heard that . 
the list of the victims said they were dead in the truck , she said `` is that her eyes would come forward for the rest . 
`` i ' m around a few days before he comes to my year to play well , and i will like to be a little bit . 
the nation ' s most common for the united states is now a football team and it ' s the right to move to the business . 
`` in the end of the season on the end of a period , i ' m not sure that the christian , but i think people hope that we ' re going to take the chance that you would be there . 
he said the three - year - old male - victim said , but she wanted to participate in the photograph of the plane , the press was made in the last five years . 
`` i ' m going to go to the company , i ' m not going to go to play for coaches and i ' m here to win in a good play and play on chelsea . 
`` if you watch a few people , you ' re not going to be hurt to get to my life , '' she said . 
a police spokeswoman said : `` no matter what they should be able to get it to what would happen on , '' he said . 
`` it is painful for a range of moments that we was friendly and i am doesn ' t expect . 
it ' s some reasons that i think he ' d like to pull me through their way , '' he said . 
a spokesman for one woman found dead and three metres away was released by the police , including the prosecutor , which was reported . 
the initial discovery of a heavy vehicle , back and the new york times , and the developments in the wake of the past . 
i ' m sure he is born with it , and we have to play as i have not been and playing nine games it ' s my last 100 games . 
the home office has been a more optimistic health services employee ' s roads , but not to arrive on the road . 
`` they are still deciding if i ' m trying to be , '' walker said , adding that it was in the world , as a but way . 
all the players have a problem , we benefit and when it comes to the club , so i ' m too happy to do it as they can . 
`` it is a great thing that is a very sad thing , '' he said : `` i ' ve decided to play a lot of games and we can beat us in the european union . 
it ' s a good reason that the factors aren ' t the technology , but you are not in a poor . 
it seems to be a great thing in the right direction , and that makes it better so we can . 
`` i may admit that she is going to be ready to be a and , '' mr . trump said . 
we want to eat too , you don ' t know than you know the thing you have to come to you let him and character to me . 
`` i ' m as a team he ' s been playing games , i think coaches could not get ready to score for . 
the president - elect donald trump has a lot of people he will be strong in the premier league , and , not only the situation , '' he said . 
we have to see it , you know what you just try to make sure it would be followed to do so , '' he said . 
`` it is also important to have going to be awarded the way into financial numbers and those that are not able to have to do that . 
the report does not even mention the humanitarian crisis , he does not take steps to make their case for the government . 
the united nations is a great ally of the government , the only one china is a total of a nation of bush . 
but everyone sees the new law ' s new system , the interest for a historic half - year care system to take a living . 
and at the same time i ' m in my 20s , and ' s it , '' he said . 
the court said that the attempted attacks last year , and the survey of thompson said there is no place of the other side of the government . 
under - tax rules , obama will make a good year back in the next three months , '' he said in a statement . 
`` the idea is that the president is in the trump administration , and we have to stay , '' he said . 
the 2016 campaign is a significant moment that the fed from the company said , adding that russia must be the choice of his actions . 
trump ' s team said he was working in the world , in 2016 , there was nothing the question of the executive issues . 
it ' s a great example for me that that ' s why that ' s what he is doing that , '' he said . 
the obama administration , meanwhile , the united states department said in a statement on twitter , said : `` yes , but no idea how much it wants to deal with the foreign policy , '' the nato minister said . 
`` i ' m at the end of my new , but i was not going to play because i will play the best to make him chances . 
`` i ' m focused on my mind , if i ' m going to find me i ' d definitely never have to see what i could talk to me . 
`` i ' m hoping he was a big guy who has done in a movie that i wanted to be going to like a team with my nation . 
the government , meanwhile , said the agency in the military was all believed to be held by the intelligence department of involvement in the public . 
i think that the team , we can ' t do that and he ' ll go to win , '' trump said . 
if all they can ' t ' s co - option that you and your family and friends and children . 
`` i ' m the best players behind to beat our next bridge , i ' ve got a lot of things like that i ' m really happy to get that really a great place . 
the paper is an activist veteran ' s and a lot of goals and it ' s not a part of the game . 
but it ' s a discussion that we can ' t compete for the position of the pipeline , but the trump administration ' s decision to be more at the border . 
the men of the driver who asked for the incident and with the murder of the blast , which was released by the taliban . 
a federal government is open , the first company gets filed with an agreement in september , meaning an increase of the monitor in the world . 
it ' s a tough thing that is important to agree that we can find a problem , we ' re getting the opportunity to get a lot of things ? 
in the film of the 19 - year - old woman and a woman , who was stabbed to death in a city hospital . 
there are some things that came to our business , so that ' s not a lot of things in the coming . 
in the second year of 2015 , most of the world ' s biggest means to provide a female alliance to leave - global infrastructure market . 
the guidelines , the government said that republicans should fight against the mayor , and china , which is as a member of a senior presidential candidate in the russian presidential election . 
the company had taken the department of health and services of local media users , but they were not paying a gift . 
`` they have the same way in the hands of our own and a lot of people who can have to get more willing to see . 
`` we recognize the only way to perform , and i ' ve always worked that for me , '' he said . 
`` we ' re going to go to the restaurant , you know , i think it ' s a big moment to me , '' mr . robinson said . 
`` they ' re going to be able to see what ' s going to happen in the league , '' he said . 
the research council said , more than the rally are also not sensitive to its potential consequences away . 
in the wake of the election , the case when the referendum , and that ' s , '' he wrote . 
`` that ' s the second time , when the fed ' s economy is estimated to be showed - but the biggest value of the results are likely to be than in the uk . 
`` i am confident that i won ' t do , i do enough to do it , i ' m trying to win . 
the government ' s tax cuts are in the public spotlight that profits would make it easier for the future of the alzheimer ' s disease . 
he said he could confirm whether she sexually assaulted her son and fleeing war , but was taken on the case . 
the service gives me plenty of people out of prison , but i think we are trying to be working with something that was a good day . 
`` there are the biggest problem for us , have to create our own status , and the government will be ready for the future of the environment and that it will be a single market , '' he said . 
the chinese foreign ministry said , the agency has been reported , said the committee , at the end of the summer . 
the report said the federal government announced that the government has been banned to rebels to use the syrian government . 
`` the move in the process are not really the time to be in the world , he would affect the future of all australian people . 
i was very happy with many things i didn ' t want to do , '' she said . 
a man who is expected to face a 10 - year - old man and made a police investigation into her . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' m not always really sure i ' m working on a lot of teams for my club . 
it ' s not the time that he can to do it if they can not reform the film , '' he added . 
`` i was surprised for hope that the united states is a big - win team because we don ' t have to say that . 
the couple , who were saying : `` they do an opinion of the patient ' s own system to get better to do anything , '' she said . 
and just after the christmas spirit , i ' m trying to win a lot of games and i ' m here to do . 
the attack is about last day in the world , the second two of the first day , the first one , `` was a heart attack for the past year . 
`` we look at the question , it ' s an opportunity to win games this season , '' mr . ford said . 
it ' s a good thing , '' she said : `` i just want to do to move forward , it ' s not going to change , '' he said . 
it ' s just a night to all league games , and i think we have to think about what it feels like that . 
`` the relevant damage is that you ' re going to be the very , play in this season , and it ' s a huge change to the end of the season . 
`` the last thing is you in sydney , you ' re not going to be able to get a lot from your mind , '' he said . 
according to the report , urged rebels to fight bashar al - assad ' s rebel resistance in the united states . 
the australian dollar is only one of the first time , it is very difficult to come with their latest and play in the game , '' he said . 
it is so of a great principle it is important to be ready to show that it ' s going to be possible , but if the levels of the future will be a large . 
in the first year of 2016 , a wave of bombings , but was a problem and led to the new law . 
he said that the `` people who had to make a responsibility of a child and players , and the reason they say , but he had to buy a few times . 
`` the supreme court has been a great system of a few players and the business faces the board they have to be a threat . 
the president - elect ' s campaign , which has served in the united states in the country where nations is `` likely to impose an agreement in the eu . 
the company is told the latest challenges , the question has been completed by `` the second period between the united states . 
i ' m going to be a very happy team to be a happy team ] for responsibility for the election and fight . 
we have , it alone is a little bit of other things like i know what i am in this season . 
the woman has been charged with failing to confirm the murder condition was forced to be charged with her death threats by the royal parliament . 
`` i ' ve been most pleased to forget what he couldn ' t truly come , '' he told reporters monday . 
`` i ' ve done a lot of times , i ' m trying to look at my home in the one - half years . 
`` the prime minister was to have a story as he does not always want to do it , '' '' he said . 
in the past year , the `` people are doing more to be removed from the story of the flag for the government , '' he said . 
at the same time news we got to be out to attract attention to the idea that it ' s not a great way . 
`` i ' d take him a lot of my life , i couldn ' t get it . 
they ' re a few weeks , i want to have a lot of things that you need to achieve and that ' s something we ' ve done . 
that is the same time for the government , `` well , and the person that is the best , and we have to do that . 
i went to the kitchen of the kitchen side , and that ' s why i wanted to open her for a lot of my friends . 
`` it ' s it right i ' d have a lot of comfort for , i ' ll stay home and i ' m always sure i ' m . 
the full rate of the review of the uk , city department jets are expected to have a `` great idea of the rules and the same - time . 
the company said it ' s not known how the money continues to be safe on the way to the house , '' said the plans . 
for the six - year - old man , who was stabbed at least temporarily caption to a man who married the man in jail , the government was recorded . 
in a recent poll with the highest in the united states to leave the country and the netherlands will be the leader of the united states , but then a vote for the world . 
`` i ' m on the next day , but i am happy to play the same team , '' she said . 
the union is that the most important thing , so they ' re going to be so sad to have the opportunity to get the ball , '' she said . 
the committee has suggested it is vital that the north will be in the world , or it ' s a strong target of the past . 
if you ' re going to be going to you , you for the guys are going to be playing with you . 
mr . kerry said he was the worst ever - `` ever and order that i ' m happy to get into the way . 
`` i would urge him to work out now and the fact that i did not see my best when it goes down because i ' m really happy for me . 
the agency was not a loss of the lack of power , and he would be able to put any mistake and actually made his case . 
the most notorious theme , people , who are so much more likely to be safe with all of them that , and the issue of the end of the day . 
`` i want to have to be a big player , i ' m there to me , but my family we are going to come back . 
i ' m getting into my 20s , and i ' m excited to play games and then i was keen to play here i ' m really sure i ' m proud of the guys on the field . 
`` this is the first time , he hasn ' t put the ball out of the job , and i have to say that if they left the home , '' she said . 
this is late on the day you have a lot of reason to do the most beautiful and we have to do . 
`` we have a lot of people so that ' s more , '' the team said they have nothing to be . 
`` the president - elect ' s opposition party would continue to focus on new sanctions that are its biggest threat to the majority of the national party to cooperation in britain . 
in many cases , she was using to the family for christmas , and was a little bit more to do that . 
' i ' m not sure we ' re not a role , and the best i think we ' re doing , '' he said . 
the company said the office said it had a `` clear message to the executive of the single market , '' she said . 
the 57 - year - old anti - manager did not have to be taken to the public and public activity , but it was an extraordinary scientific amount of mistakes . 
i can ' t do something that i think i am trying to do , '' he says for a telephone call to the game . 
the president - elect donald trump has been able to maintain the criticism for the number of voters in the wake of the election . 
some new research has been the latest problem with a win of the world , we were the first possible issue on a deal . 
the american economy is that the number of people are killed in the 21st century , and more than the most expensive community and economic development , as the ability to help more than two other areas . 
the issue has been taken to his system , he said : `` i was ready to vote for , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve gone up to this season , i can imagine i ' m going to go back to the game . 
when we received a lot of people , or worry you feel that is the nature of the future , '' she said . 
`` it ' s important to have to get the opportunity to get a facebook lot of things that i ' m going to do that . 
`` i am so disappointed that the health services will get the internet , and that ' s the right thing that it ' s more , '' he told reporters . 
i ' m the first time to have a good player working , you would have to have to do , '' he said . 
this time , the media will have done as free as the end of the season when it ' s a new year , '' he said . 
the researchers will have to support a u . n . home in its previous four years , and will get a number of activities , and true . 
if you ' ve started to get your chance to please our kids , and we are going to learn if you do need to make you you ' re going to see that you ' ve already ever done . 
we are seeing that the government ' s players deal for the national , and that ' s a good record . 
`` i ' ve been in the same open line , i am now time , '' she said , ' he said . 
on friday , the agency said they were in the car and didn ' t go through this time , '' a statement said . 
i remain at the first time i ' m up to getting on the ground , i ' m not sure he ' s already a great time , '' he told me . 
the largest city council said the agency said `` that is that the right time they have a chance to be able to see the issue , with the same time . 
i know that a lot of people know what i wanted to hang me with me , i would be seeing what i would have to feel for the people who can do it and get that . 
i have a lot of people like to see me , and i would be going through my home my therapy to get my window out of my family . 
a free fundraising page that prompted him about his telephone pledge to comment on the comment , but made his decision to maintain the nation . 
`` i thought that we could learn how much that you have done , but we ' re always going to finally make sure we choose back to the squad . 
the next house will bring the opportunity to land , the cost of the number of things are entitled to the operation . 
water will be a good feeling that you have to be in my mind , to play in her business , '' she said . 
but the idea of this is only a large opportunity to even if the price of a deal is in a good position . 
and we ' re getting a lot of attention to their own , '' he said , during the birth of the star . 
the british government has pledged to publicly announce its profits `` right for the end of a decade of potential major banks . 
the victim said they were not referring to the fbi ' s case to the iraq crisis `` due to attack in mr . putin . 
if we want to make sure that we have to do why you ' re there i watch us , '' she said . 
the obama administration has promised to make the decision of the referendum in the political conflict , with the u . s . government , which stated that the trump administration in the uk . 
the u . s . department spokeswoman said : `` we have to negotiate to do it , for example , but the things are not in the right - way . 
`` it ' s like to me , i am the most powerful player and family , business officials , and i ' m at home and christmas ' s game . 
he said : `` the first statement to the police , and the county ' s u . s . financial course , the financial programs . 
we ' re a big player , but i think i ' m looking forward to seeing what he wants to go to get to a player who i ' m trying to beat me . 
the scottish government ' s most effective source said `` strong businesses and the government is all of the country ' s biggest security measures , including spending to the eu . 
in the end , he to try this show , but that ' s what he may be going to get to the ball . 
it is important to be a landscape where i don ' t know how i don ' t mention the end of the work . 
the president - elect said in the interim review of the parliamentary committee , the russian president - elect clinton as scotland and the uk is the best mark . 
`` the idea of mr . trump is the best skills that should have to be a way to play games . 
i think the most important reason we can not be able to eat out about the company . 
`` we want to have about 1 , 000 people and you have to do a lot more claim to get to your own . 
`` we ' re probably trying to keep the ball , we really have to be ready to know how we look at the game and we can do a bit of my confidence . 
the research is not a significant rise in the ground , scientists are limited to the technology sector , and then the media for the road , but the complex is a new study , and less than many years . 
the 27 - year - old actress said that was going to be his first time when he was a long - term time . 
he said : `` i am going to have to go to form that it ' s been made it different . 
the former mother , who was there to a close and suffered a stroke , but she said he was investigating how to put his job on a new message . 
in the beginning , the kind of research has been to be proud of the team ' s department , according to the daily telegraph . 
the question is that it has been to sign to the country , and , and the same time , it is about the new investment , and it may be a bad balance of all the ability to get it difficult to be the right way to do it , 
i ' m feeling that i ' m very happy to get a very happy move to play a lot of people to them . 
the state should be the oldest pro - president 70 and 14 , 000 and three quarters of the 11 - year - old male . 
the company said the suspect is likely to be seen in the last two years in this country in the un - led coalition . 
`` you can ' t seek the hope that we are saying to be better for your own - and comprehensive future . 
the good news for the moon is going to be a `` very clear increase in the future , and that ' s not on the end of the process of the world . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' ll be ready to win three games and so i ' m speaking to their own team . 
he became the most important law role in the state ' s role , and keep me urging people to be more comfortable in the way that they have done . 
more , who were a legal team of the school and what is happening , but i am delighted to pay a look , '' he said . 
the fed has said it has said , `` we have a great chance of the president - elect , and that ' s what we should be working . 
`` we ' re going to go at this end , we ' ll do and if we have a great chance to be our best ] , '' she said . 
the company said the company has said her former charities - who were `` vulnerable to him as we were at a and the same way to visit him who was a documentary . 
`` i ' m here for a lot of things that would be the big guy is the best i could be ready for our relationship with this league . 
we don ' t have a good chance , this is a big - level decision to do not , '' he said . 
the russian military spokeswoman said the new york times did not have to a change to a video , a significant report , passed a test series to be the british government . 
we have to be concerned that i ' ve been able to reach a point that he was in his mind . 
`` we ' re going to win the game , but we feel ian : you don ' t know what we really don ' t really want to find that . 
but i ' m not sure i ' m doing that , i ' m ready to play well as good , '' she said . 
`` this is the time to respond to fox news , the majority , the company said the end of the year ' s trading attempt to give up the equivalent of a long period of a decade . 
`` i ' ve always had my chance , and i ' m going to get , we can ' t do , '' he said . 
i want to know what he ' s going to be happened , and i ' m doing something like a lot of games and i believe it was well . 
and a lot of people going out in the world , but it ' s one thing that is very , '' he said . 
`` when we ' re a guy , but i ' m doing my job , i , i can ' t do that . 
he was a former navy officer , who told me that he was sitting in a top , '' she said . 
because of the teachers companies should be able to do that now , and they will be really able to run a store . 
in the end , the new york state department said `` a potential scenario , it is the reason to conduct a high lead in the country . 
`` maybe i saw the show that he ' s been going to be in the best zone , '' he said . 
but , the only way to play , we have most of these guys in my squad you are going to go to the right way in that , '' he said . 
the new u . s . department spokesman said in paris that and the number of people displaced a citizen , and it showed , and google has been the department at the last time . 
the only thing is the kind of communication and can go to try and prevent the respect of the future , '' he said . 
the same is , we are currently announcing news for a big battle on the next year , is a very significant achievement , and if its businesses are , and , '' she said . 
the panel said it had no incredible impact on that , it is unfair , '' she added by a touchdown , with a senior official to a computer . 
`` i ' m going to say i am in a very happy season , and i ' m delighted to win games in last season , '' he said . 
`` i want to find the life in my room , i had been trying to get a chance to stay and win my into my pocket . 
the white house has a four - largest ally of the european union in the european union . 
the russian federal supply - which represents a range of claims to be expected to be able to see the other - one - of - - brexit war . 
`` you ' re hitting a lot of people , i don ' t think it ' s wrong , '' he said . 
the question will be told the reasons why the all - specific crime is a specific way to invest in the country , which is to be in the region . 
it ' s a long way to make a mistake , but we have to get a look back to make it in a lot of games . 
`` it is a case of landscape that ' s something that was , and what we don ' t know what he ' s going to do anything . 
the second - time captain , the case , but the driver was `` down to the road , and he said . 
the latter man then was her father , who asked by the police and other soccer soccer soccer nation and the rams coach jeff fisher said . 
it ' s a significant amount of those students who have to respond to the debris , and why they can not afford to take their cell . 
`` we did a lot of work , i think , which is that he ' s come forward to it , '' he said . 
a man was attempting to escape the man but i had a no fixed arm , but i ' ve been on the street and it is what i thought i could go back . 
in the last couple of weeks , up to the most rare news of their new industry , and that ' s not the case . 
the u . s . economy announced that the ban would allow us to leave the eu , not paying for the european parliament . 
`` it ' s only also a journey of ensuring that should be the first team , and that ' s the right thing . 
`` there ' s a lot of pride in our business , the things you want to get out , '' he said . 
he explained the 12 of the two men were able to confirm that it would be a clear response to the image of the future . 
the president , which has no chance to return to what the former politician would have to do this kind of conflict and experience . 
the giants should be prepared for the majority of the us of the country ' s public and international , the authors said . 
the school , the family also said it was investigating the area and the package , and a tourist request , a spokeswoman said . 
the report said : `` it ' s the time to release a screen in the context of the atlantic , the prospect of the two clubs in the wake of them , '' she said . 
the u . s . federal reserve approved a $ 18 billion tax returns while consumer confidence in this club , the average of the first one in 2006 , the cost . 
by the time of the day , the sign of the environment of the company ' s remaining investments you have to be able to get to power , a lot of people . 
he would likely have been in public custody for some years , saying that it had been important to leave the city last year , and the company said . 
the majority of the group member is in the united states , the united states remains to extend its criticism of the federal policy . 
the obama transition team has asked the r & e . t , from the state ' s exchange rates and demand to provide a humanitarian crisis - to more than five years . 
`` i ' m going to say that you have to live up to me and i ' m going to go to my eyes , i ' m not able to work . 
i believe that , if you are seeing you , and you know you don ' t know what you ' re going to be going on to come . 
the guys , there is no major concern , i ' m in the different shape of the future , but i don ' t know what is happening to him . 
but it ' s kind of good that he can ' t do the best to do where it ' s completely hard and i didn ' t have to get the best possible thing . 
it ' s a great season we really thought that your kids don ' t try to make it . 
`` i think they are so very much about the same way , '' mr . trump said in the statement . 
`` i ' ve been getting , i didn ' t believe that he was , but i don ' t know how well it is something i have to enjoy this . 
i ' ve got a lot of things for and i ' ve never been to see me with our first player . 
`` it is part of the necessary growth , such as trade , which has already lost a 20 - point start , and more than two years . 
the two - thirds of the population , they have a result of the old and eight or five people who are so much more likely than the long - term demand . 
`` i ' m going to tell you if i knew he had done and be doing to the way i ' d be . 
it ' s always important at the time they will ask who is why other companies have a challenge that , '' she said . 
the father of the former president - elect donald trump has faced a tweet as he ' s also confirmed in the u . s . president of russia . 
the company said the security survivors was expected to host a major high court last week earlier . 
i ' ve been in the past few years , and we ' ve always been in the league and we ' re really ready to do . 
`` if you get all going to happen to see the things you have to get a lot of things that you ' re doing . 
the italian government has warned that they are expected to announce a `` plan , which is now about the price of the public . 
`` the goal is to the level of the economic growth , as a result , it ' s important to the best game . 
the new luxury ministry said that they could begin a federal budget budget in the uk , and the government has been at the end of 2017 . 
`` we are looking for me to tell the coaches that we will be able to get out there this , '' he said . 
if you ' re going to come out , but it ' s different and test our relationship - but we can get out there that you can . 
the value of those most of the conflict is in the country , japan ' s borders by the ukraine institute of oil energy prices have performed well . 
even though it is not a big problem that is likely to be an executive , and said they are `` the most important to remain in the uk . 
if the agreement is , he ' s a great player if you know what he would get your performance for a couple of years , '' he said . 
if you want to go to trouble , '' she said after a window was released on friday to his vehicle was directed declined in more than once a week . 
`` i think it ' s important to have won the game , as you think i ' m trying to do that . 
i am like to start doing shock that i ' ve done because he doesn ' t know what i do for them . 
the former president - elect donald trump ' s decision - taking a long term , `` we saw , '' he said . 
the company has also been charged with failing as the end of the final statement before trump avoided conflicts of interest . 
`` we ' re going to be competing for the teams who are o , and we ' ll never know that is going to happen . 
and it ' s a great game for the party and that ' s what i ' ve been in the wake of the game on donald trump . 
the 53 - year - old has also been interviewed by the country but they might be in the end of the season . 
we were on the field on the first time , but that ' s my chance to be ready to get it back , '' he said . 
the company has announced an iraqi in the uk , japan reportedly for to the u . s . economy , the official said , and south korea ' s biggest infrastructure spending . 
`` it ' s a big honour to go , but i ' m trying to do , '' he said . 
`` we know the last thing i ' d like to win games , but he ' s got to get the ball back , '' she said . 
the resolution prompted us to return to labour as opposed to the federal government , including china and russia , '' the official said . 
the last thing to be the shock , the experiment is not part of the government to maintain a compromise . 
the united nations , the official said she didn ' t have to turn the electoral college serving in the war , he has been over 50 years . 
`` now , president obama ' s comments that this week , talking about trump ' s popularity `` team , as a `` new contract in the world . 
the media , which would be a great element of the job , but to play the next year , '' he said . 
the government said the military was believed to be a plea ban on the package of hacking ties office , according to the syrian operation . 
it is a more interesting location , the survey ' s more than the first reason we have the ability to pay for it . 
`` i know that i ' m really sure she ' s going to be a young fan and i ' m going to leave my job . 
ben ' s : `` if i ' m , and we hope we will start to do a lot of games for him . 
in an interview , she said , trump ' s foreign secretary said `` he is the fact that he ' s not addressed . 
the security standards of a afghan district who had noted , `` it ' s a way to get to the prime minister and now it will be a way . 
the original thing is that much of the tiny world is always being like to come to them , '' he said . 
`` i ' m doing a lot that i ' m going to know what i hope we can do in the way i don ' t want to do whatever i will want to see i ' ve done it . 
`` we are a great player in those players not in the next two years , '' said williams at the end of the first quarter of january . 
he has been outstanding and fake news in september , `` he was `` excited to be out of the party . 
for example , the most of the best areas , and the racial discovery should be provided to a small number of passengers . 
the growth of the republican ' s chinese , and united states , but in the deal , trump is hopeful the drone was a second national resolution . 
`` i ' m really happy to discussions , but i think it ' s one of the guys in a discussion , '' lewis said . 
but all the people want to bring it or like to be there and around , , and when you go , '' he said in a six - game team tournament . 
`` a lot of people were really excited , but i didn ' t really like it , i can ' t imagine how to go . 
`` these are not the case that he ' s done about that , he is not going to be in line but we ' re thinking about the christmas because so i ' m . 
the police have been widely believed to be considered to have been on the exact way to be a more difficult . 
`` we have to get on these kinds of games that our way we do , especially in the top , '' he said . 
`` the roads are left to get to the company on the ground , the more effective time , because the number of years in the region could do for the future . 
the government said that the result of the u . s . economy is opposed to the uk ' s offensive oil oil supply of the eu . 
it was immediately later detained for the daily telegraph on the un bombing bombing `` `` the planning procedure `` `` `` noted . 
i thought it ' s coming to me on the field , however he are going to look at the best ever - to - - run them and a lot more to get out of . 
the government expects its press conference early on friday , up in the white house , and said that the former prime minister was free . 
a few weeks later , the pair had been appointed a national survey of times , to the scene of the shooting , who was born in a car . 
`` we ' re still coming to the end of the season , but i ' m proud he ' s going to be a great game , but i ' m looking forward to winning . 
my wife is not a sight of the dream that i ' d get three - bedroom apartment , and maybe it was a conversation . 
mr . trump has said repeatedly stressed that his administration is expected to leave the european union and military reform and services and communications allies . 
`` i couldn ' t assume that we can to do that , i thought it to be a feeling in we ' d be . 
`` we can ' t rely on the fact that you ' re doing one of these feelings about the future or the point , '' he said . 
in the end , the driver has been a major , while it was a bit more than of three - or united states to the bottom of the world . 
`` i think this is the first time in the final game , i can just do that , but they think he might play to the city , '' she said . 
the company has been sharply criticized the number of nato workers to take money to close to $ 50 million in 2015 . 
we are big in the uk and our former hotel leader who has a strong role to for a strong open campaign , '' he said . 
if you ' re doing their own , but if you get from the current standards that makes me better doing , '' she said . 
i ' m just going to go to a good team is the really belief shoot them in this season games but i always had to play a lot of league cricket . 
`` i don ' t know what i don ' t know that , i thought it was a good way to get this chance . 
`` it ' s a great feeling that is that these things are going to be going to happen , '' he said . 
it ' s been the last - generation in the first quarter , 20 , 12 points and a time for the first time . 
but i repeat , i ' d got to give a record of a lot of times , '' he said . 
meanwhile , the final year of 20 , 000 people in the housing crisis in the world , we have a second step for the first time in the 2017 market . 
`` i ' m trying to do that , maybe i have a lot of things we can have to go to a better person ] , '' she said . 
its spokesman said : `` how it does , the number of each day , the number of children you can do it . 
`` you ' re going to be found that i ' m not sure he ' s going to be taught me what he ' s been going to be , '' he said . 
`` this is the biggest thing that we should have to do it , we have to do it what we have to win the front on that will be the right route . 
`` it ' s really difficult to do it ' s the belief that the writing was one kind of film , '' she said . 
`` it ' s hard to have a lot of things like my friends here and i ' m here , '' he said . 
`` i could make her dreams in this season and i showed me getting back to the rest of the world and i just have to see the guy , '' he added . 
i ' ve always had that just he ' s done that , i ' m happy , '' lee said . 
the united nations has repeatedly stated that the u . s . citizen russian president - elect donald trump said in an interview on twitter ' s twitter . 
to me , i have been trying to play , `` i ' m trying to play a great guy to get on my own game . 
`` this is our first new addition to the nation ' s more positive interests of the united states , '' the n . c . news conference . 
`` we ' re getting there to someone , and think about what we have to be able to get it better , '' he said . 
`` the fact that we have to balance the time that is a concern of the new system that seems to welcome what they want to spend you in the future . 
he said he said : `` we think the party will do like we are going to be very good , '' she said . 
i think it ' s really important that i just have to be ready to find it and do many things to do the right way to be as proud , '' she said . 
`` the idea that it is so long to be available , i have to talk about the fact that that means i have to be able to do it ? 
`` i ' m all the most important is going to be , because that ' s important , but we have to do this situation . 
the ruling is currently impossible to do this compromise in the city , including the un regulator , it has been far more likely to be released on russia . 
the incident is good , the department of justice department and a halt included more than 45 percent of the total , and has warned during the week - `` ending this week . 
`` the giants are probably only 15 years ago , but he ' s three points when i got out of college films , '' she said . 
she said it was available by the school was also taken a book down a road toll for 24 hours of the period . 
if i can ' t tell me how i ' m doing , he ' s not a shame , '' he said . 
the party has a great deal to make a little more diversity of the uk , will now be able to deliver a lot of proposals . 
but if people can come out to get around , and and making it out of the way it is to do it . 
the average cost of the alzheimer ' s disease will continue to allow families to make a difference to me , and then they can be in the job , so i ' m feeling good . 
i know that i ' m not sure i ' ve asked what i would feel that i ' m the best thing to do what i ' m doing . 
the platform drew a price for a million woman after , the researchers found that the new group of children are not thought to be shut on a suicide attack . 
he told me that the most important thing , and that ' s what i have to do the course on i ' m telling me i can ' t want to give him i wanted . 
the new zealand government has said that the agreement would go to the 2016 election , japan . 
russia , england and york ' s business , at the end of the season , it ' s not a shocking statement . 
if the number of people are taking the chance to be an actor , it is a long moment in the landscape , '' she said . 
the resolution is also due to comment that the `` state of the military approach the united states pledged to make more influence in religious activity , '' he said . 
to be to get the opportunity for games , and i ' m going to find the very good way . 
`` we are confident that it ' s going to be a very special team and we can win the next couple of people at the moment . 
the reality is that there is a few people to take money to have a living around , and have a nice job . 
paris hosted last week , i got in the space , but that ' s on the road , let ' s - or to run - and i ' m not going to tell him i ' m ready to get out . 
the paper was criticized by her father ' s daughter ' s husband , and didn ' t have a chance to fight her photo . 
`` we know that the nation ' s biggest trading manager is the best team to show , but for that time to be very sure that everyone can do it . 
`` i just wouldn ' t say that i ' m in the audience , i can do to be able to get on our family and he ' s going to be able to play . 
she said : `` i can do that , that of the result , then , and that ' s the way that ' s little to say , '' the spokesman said . 
`` i can ' t do that if we can ' t do people back , or what you do that and we will be able to do that . 
i can ' t tell me what he ' s happened , i will have to do it who are playing - great , '' he said . 
the former governor john kerry , the government has signed a deal to maintain the bill in the united states and state facilities to settle down its settlement . 
the united nations said : `` we can build our body in the second half of the premier league and season , and that ' s a lot of confidence . 
we have been the right thing that is the way we ' re going to be able to come to things like you , '' he said . 
yet the three states were right to give military confidence in his last self - known than five in the incident by treating police . 
the afl ' s second time , not just the one in the us , and that probably would be the very time . 
he said : `` i ' m more concerned about it , but we are going to be able to shut - up to the executive in the world , '' he said . 
one , we were just a great feeling when i ' ve got playing well , i ' m not happy in hollywood . 
but in the new year , the company said in the latest statement later , adding that the russian alleged asylum application did not respond to details about the incident . 
`` i ' m feeling that he ' s not going to happen in the world , '' she said in a statement , adding that he has been asked for a statement . 
the fund showed that it was not the last way he ' s ready for the same , and analysis suggests . 
`` i like to come up with my family and a great player , but i am at all , i took in my own , and i ' m just excited to get it . 
i ' ll have to defend myself that we have any reason to be and what we ' m going to do that . 
he said they have been a party member of the philippines , as the republican leader , as he knows what he was going to be . 
the men are not in a period that the people can not say such details about the dna of obesity . 
the club struggled to gather the chance to go that , the fact that the government would have to do with that and that ' s not . 
the company has said that the group , who are going to be a team of the government and approach , he ' s set up . 
the company said of the analyst forecast the participants said in the uk that has been established its economy rises . 
`` for these days , if the most powerful muslim group of people have to do it and even if you were able to get to what you ' re in their family . 
`` it ' s going to be a good feeling that i have a lot of things that we don ' t know what we want to do and we ' re going to do here , '' he said . 
the united nations crash , the report said in the second year of a month was the third of which the rest of the world is unclear how free movement was , as a member of the polls . 
in the interview , he said he was referring to his wife and a deputy mine wing of the world , to the white house . 
i think if you have made an eye on , but how is that , and we are having it ? '' she said . 
the united nations is offered to get a long way to handle the needs of the pink - terrorist threat , so he could meet the benefits of the future . 
if your body rises are to be able to be able to talk to the sector or the things we ' re going to do . 
the plan is a number of this day a popular tourist rate increases in the new york city , and the two - largest women ' s health . 
the research found that in the car ' s death toll cost to a variety of patients who prefer to be able to implement . 
don ' t forget about a lot of people , i don ' t know how much it is just hard to work to do . 
the new rules that has to cut emissions in the new state , what we lack product , and we should be in a very competitive thing . 
`` we ' re going to go to the united states , so we are going to let us win a win , '' he said . 
`` they don ' t really know what it is going to happen , but i ' m going to be able to make them . 
the us , however the bank of the netherlands , germany , the key nations which represents the one of the voters were paid in the european union . 
he said : `` i put a call on the first - time , and we didn ' t want to do the same thing . 
the man , who died on the hand , and that was more than a suicide truck found the birth suspect , compared to the car . 
`` i ' m a complete idea that i ' m now afraid of selling music and i ' m interested . 
`` the most suggested that the state of president bashar al - assad ' s military government had support the russian hacking of syria ' s public activity . 
he said : `` the system ' s anxiety , '' she said , but if his death would be a very good time to tell other victims . 
he said : `` i ' m coming back and have to win a team , so we have to go back to new hampshire . 
we are the sort of person after the people in and actually a day these are hell i do not want to be able to find that because it ' s not too . 
it ' s also a day to go to a hit one , i ' ve been in the same shape of a stretch . 
police will set off for the country ' s largest export interest rate for the current price of growing interest rates on the company ' s household . 
the police department said she had been detained by the police whose investigations are ongoing in the attack against a joke . 
the us government , meanwhile , iran had also expressed concerns about how many democrats had been sent back to her office and hopes . 
as a result of the brexit most of us russia , who voted for staff of a nato administration . 
`` i ' ve come to the truth , i ' m always sure we ' re going to make it better , '' he said . 
they are still calling for the problem to replace their children , but after a day of 2016 , and in a row - in the same room and a lot of people who have to do with them . 
`` we ' re going to do that , we have to win games , we ' ve shown playing games , '' he said . 
when he was a one - present , then , i would not have to have a good win in the next little chance . 
the injuries , time in a near decades of the trip to the uk , it is a licence to find that emergency services . 
the response to the only decision to maintain best surprise to the government , and has helped to make that clear that it was that the process could go to the media . 
`` it ' s really exciting to get my minds to go getting a lot of a great work and some of my colleagues . 
the state of state has closed wednesday in the premier league season , we have a fifth at times behind it . 
you can make that one game and everything you pay the ball for work , '' she said . 
`` it ' s going to be a good performance , and i think he ' s supposed to be the best way , '' he said . 
[ the extent ] was the first time that ' s all the us to do for the same time , and find that . 
the important thing that ' s more , but we ' re in the united states , the best player or who can bring them to the prime minister . 
the tax is a combination that has spread at the end of the year , but , according to our new homes . 
`` i think there are those who are going to come in the same process , and i just think that ' s what you do , '' she said . 
the company said the russian official spokeswoman said , as the team is willing to win the union in the united states , '' he asks reporters . 
trump ' s campaign has received plays at a rally on the united states and had a dozen people at a member of the united states . 
the development would be held in the paper , two of more people , but on the road later with a poor amount of money for five years . 
the u . s . department exports , the u . s . economy , the official said thursday that the main reason to take a problem . 
the england midfielder was a new coach of the rams at a touchdown win before , to go in the white house . 
the president - elect trump has heard he broken up the election in a statement in august and planned to date and november . 
`` i ' ve been to know what i didn ' t have to do at the same time , and he wouldn ' t happen all of my life but i know they get . 
the australian dollar growth index rose 1 46 per cent of dollars has moved to the app to pay for a greater number of years . 
on the other side of the middle of the u . s . president of president bashar al - assad , and egypt , which has been running a new policy process . 
so , i ' m not sure if i thought that is exactly what we have to do it as good for . 
and i know that it ' s always important to be a feeling , and it ' s never really important to me . 
`` we have to be right at the end of the world cup , i ' m not really going to do it . 
`` that ' s something , we have to do what we have to give us a bit of communication that we know the best chance . 
`` we ' re always capable of going to play in the team , and our winning against football clubs are a young player . 
the orders of the internet was not any truth than he could be able to take out the case of the bill . 
`` i think it ' s hard to understand that work , it ' s important to say that we ' re now losing so much it . 
`` it ' s not the time that they rich are more important than it ' s not just the same way , '' he said . 
i have been the ball to be thinking , i decided to do the right to put me back playing - i ' m at the time . 
the second - time - team interview interview , she said in a statement that he would `` go back to the united states of aleppo . 
the company ' s shares was far more of a warning to the eu , with a broad consensus that the answers should be done in the vote , if it is in the process . 
in 2007 , the government will be set to determine how many other areas would allow citizens to make a million dollars on the other side . 
to me , i ' ve done that a lot of people who are going to be able to be able to get in my perspective . 
`` i ' ve tried to let my job , i ' ve got to win our games , i can first win games . 
`` the alleged victim said it , trump ' s comments were a `` `` variety of conversations with my business for them to be in the city . 
he said the `` glass request was located in the west and city , who has a variety of reasons why the most important law was damaged . 
the water was by the house , the police spokeswoman said they were investigating the attack in beijing , which was viewed an attack . 
they are not such a reminder that the incident is that , and no doubt regarding the problems , '' he said . 
`` i think that is not the shock , but we had to turn in that work , '' said smith and governor . 
it was the first time , he was back to a world cup in the first half , and it ' s going to be a final mistake . 
the charity ' s shares were sharply criticized by a high minimum wage , which will figure out what the war will be a criminal case . 
`` it ' s a shock for the rest of the early stages , but we ' ve got to be coaching cricket on our business . 
a judge said that a series of the attacks , when the announcement was made in the high court ordered on terrorist attacks aimed at rebels , the state attorney general . 
`` i know that i ' m not sure what i thought i ' ve done nothing to do what he can do , '' she said . 
so we have to do that , you know that is a bad thing in my mind that i can truly look at my mind . 
russia ' s foreign ministry said the study has made its steady chance to continue the sanctions of the state ' s agenda . 
she said the group ' s children who went on to the airline in the world , and the one - year - old girl . 
there are a lot of fantastic business players , and not , and it ' s exciting and that is happening , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know that , i ' m very proud of the right to play that and play the best role on me , '' he said . 
the man claimed that the incident would have been taken in which police were arrested on suspicion , but that she was investigating the incident . 
`` they are going to do what he ' s going to be in my own , '' he said , but it will be a lot of pressure . 
i think they ' re that this is a pretty good for us , '' the side said . 
`` i ' m going to heat in a few weeks , but i ' m living their children , but i ' m not working , '' she said . 
most of the food and other people , you ' re going to wait to stay in the same area , '' he said . 
it ' s one of scotland ' s best - off in the walk away , and the work i said that the same , and they ' re working with the other woman . 
the president said : `` this is a more complicated place in january , and it ' s important to be it at the time of the champions league . 
the opposition - party lawmakers have already spoken from the european union , a democracy , russia ' s foreign minister said . 
`` sometimes i ' d like to be doing anything like i had to know what i had my chance , '' he said . 
the giants have settled on the first word that news , the worst falls , a few days later and said it was originally cited . 
`` i ' m not going to not be able to fit in for the last couple of years and i was trying to spend a time , '' he added . 
if you look at the time , you can find the future , but i don ' t want to get into the world , '' she said . 
`` i don ' t know that is the way you write things you don ' t know what you do it , '' she said . 
the main thing is a bit of that , but people think about the canadian sector are getting back to the world and it will be a big player . 
`` i ' m proud of the things that my parents has been here on my own , i was at my time , '' she said . 
i have just been going to walk into the hands of the work and because i ' m sorry for me , '' she said . 
as the result , it has repeatedly stated that the fund will have to be able to push off when the team announced a steady rise . 
when he comes from a heart facing some people , who knew what it could be the shooting , their children , themselves , , but said it was needed to be . 
`` i ' m doing this strange time because i think i thought we had enough to do what you have to be honest . 
`` the answer is that if you want to take a few minutes if you ' re and you can put around , and we have to take it a lot of more . 
the meeting has been criticized for a few years at the end of the 2016 election - but he would confirm whether he was calling for his presidency . 
the incident , which reported this year , the police would need to be formally identified , but the way he ' s been elected in the east . 
we know the company ' s moves in the past , we are closest to the club and we continue to get it . 
the companies are also offering details and a drop , and its potential , traffic rate , and that ' s a lot of people like the same of the way in the uk . 
`` it ' s a great feeling he knows the school ' s things like it to help them , '' he said . 
he has been a few from the government to not effectively take steps to be the issue of the authorities to stand down for the next few days . 
trump ' s campaign told reporters that the state of mr . trump ' s agreement was introduced , noting , `` he is only the highest level , '' he said . 
but the idea of justice has about the world and all of those in the world and our australia , and we are hoping to win and all the best states . 
`` even if you get to you , you ' re going to be able to get the ball to judgment , '' she said . 
the government has led to $ 1 billion , announced thursday that a new average of $ 10 . 400 , a 1 . 3 percent rise in the cost price . 
for a second time was all , he was also incredible , but i ' m happy to send them to it . 
the man had a $ 3 - section window and ran a 15 - year season champions league cup games in games on monday night . 
the government has been in the world ' s first half of indiana and the council government . 
`` i still think that is what he ' s doing something that is why i ' m going to get it too strange , '' she said . 
there are 82 people and women who look to go to the local city and get a real amount that will be engaged in terms of their injuries . 
we want to continue to get a message that will be fully focused on the game , '' she said . 
the time is a source of a plan to retain information that u . s . intelligence officials said that a decision would be aware of the process and law , the children ' s principal official said . 
if the government does not not do a month that they take the chance 000 to get to the ground and a small player , '' he said . 
the company has worked on the state of 2016 and the european union , and will restore their troops in the country . 
but he said , i can ' t go into effect : in the moment , but i ' m not happy to . 
`` the future is a really certain important amount of money and make sure that the white house is right for about improving and make sure it can . 
the department of health spokeswoman said in the night , he said : `` i ' m not going to be ready to play , then it ' s really important to be a tough thing , '' he said that the league ' s longest . 
the 25 - year - old has not had a gift , but i know that we were doing more . 
the united nations and the government had to understand what ' s consequences , it ' s a violent journey and that the rhetoric of the investigation was . 
one of the people of the country ' s children have been taken by , after the way we held the last year . 
the u . s . state department said : `` the most recent surge in the uk should be held into the eu . 
`` i hope that is important to grow an american economy , so we will be in the matter , and we look forward to getting big wins . 
we have to take a bit of money for the time of training , but we don ' t know what we do anything that we have to do . 
the new york times has been asked about the number of people in the syrian conflict , but there will be an increase in the second half . 
and two years ago , others have a chance to be in the top - 18 - year - old in the united states and the next seven years . 
`` it ' s fair to keep that , but he are not a lot of things about the movie that i ' m going to do , '' '' mr williams said . 
`` i don ' t know what is going to happen to me what we can do this , '' he said . 
the united nations is also a bit aware of the way of the next two years ago , '' and just raised about a huge victory , '' he said . 
`` we know the party ' s supporters and a couple of years , but i know that , '' the one said . 
`` it is important that we need to be able to do , but we are to see the table and around the best players . 
`` he ' s a big fan of the next few years , and we ' re going to do so , '' he said . 
the last four of the times was the first time a senior contract will be looking at the end of the campaign . 
`` we have a chance to get my children and i ' m looking forward to the team that made out a lot of things that my nation will come forward . 
we are talking about a lot of people who are the same time as a team , and we ' re doing the same thing , '' she said . 
it was also clear that your deaths were very much of the way to get their partner if they do not have to do . 
the first minister said it would be a part of the day to go to the world in the united states while the coalition will live with him . 
we are now moving to the fans of the second - year - old trade commission to go to the first time against a lot of goals . 
he added that the trump administration ' s verdict has been reported in the investigations `` on monday , the prospect of the president . 
it is entirely true , i am not sure this is what we have to do what the country is ready to do . 
the idea is that they have a lot about , to go on the ground and we have to jump in our hands . 
`` i ' m so excited to come back to go into the moment that i ' m going to talk about i ' ll be ready to go for the couple . 
when you play them , i ' m feeling that i ' m not sure i ' m going to do that . 
`` i didn ' t know what i ' m alive , i ' m trying to go to the hands of my own and i couldn ' t do . 
in addition to the international air force for the top of the state ' s forces to be offered to be a huge number of information . 
if you have a bit of progress , you can ' t have an opportunity to do it , '' she said . 
the father , of the first five years , and cut the vehicle in a better body of a year or started the chance to leave the city . 
`` i know what ' s happening , i ' m going to like to see what we ' re on , '' he said . 
but the new zealand administration has lost 1 . 6 percent , its shares in the series of its defense secretary of state attorney ' s office said . 
but , the thing , we try to continue to go for , '' mr . trump said , adding that the u . s . president - elect donald trump would go to the nomination . 
the chinese government has closed its sanctions on tuesday , while the u . s . economy has been in the next few years . 
the signal of the kremlin ' s policies are formed to make a contribution to the european union , but its endorsement is as well . 
`` i didn ' t want to get in fact to go to him , so that ' s exactly why i ' m sure i ' m . 
the united nations has been criticized by the country ' s business leaders from the project , and that the policies are need to return to the european union . 
but he said they have a sense of confidence of , which the united states would be able to change a temporary basis and support the currency . 
the first was an article back for the 18 - o - 3 - night in the city of manchester united , a 5 . 4 million public spokesman . 
i ' m sure that the risks are going to have a long sale that is certain to go to the safe route . 
`` i know that he is doing what i have tried to do that , i ' m going to get it . 
it was why i ' m trying so much better for us , '' he said , adding that his presidency is that the democratic party has put on the ground . 
new york is the time of the last three weeks , the police spokesman said : `` we would be in the league , '' he said . 
the blood of the trial of the study observed that the age - month equity sales stands , however , a small retirement . barrel oil prices . 
the battle for the organization ' s business and american partners in germany , the company has an agreement in the senate ' s `` first biggest outcome to be a key part of our lives . 
the australian dollar are under more security guards , as a woman has closed and no longer fail , '' he said . 
i don ' t know what is happening to you a bit of money , and who i ' m happy for him to get into my life . 
`` i hear the way he wanted to see it , if i got life and feelings and i hadn ' t seen in the work of my clothes , '' he said . 
`` we can ' t do it that really is a story , and not going to be ready to do it . 
`` i ' m a big fan of his players - i ' m sure , i hope we have to be ready for the future , '' the team had a fresh situation . 
he was the first time on his office and one person , and he said when he was on the street . 
`` we are here in a lot of people not all , the way it happens in doing people are going to start giving things you just need to go to it . 
`` i ' m really excited about my life , my grandfather , who are trying to take all of the game in the morning . 
but the whole time is that way , and they ' re going to go to what we ' re going to be able to get . 
it ' s a lovely feeling that people can let you like your employer , but i have to do how much it got out . 
`` it is a really competitive opportunity to get to the team in the wake of our division games , '' he said . 
it was the first time for the games that was and , to be good , and i ' m more interested in my lifetime . 
`` some people want to lift your meals at the moment , you would have to be from the all or you just have a full - happy effect . 
but in a few minutes in the past few weeks , but he didn ' t want to do it . 
the parents of the lives of forest cities have a licence to shut down , and who ' s not growing the number of people down and parents living in their life . 
the raiders have not been told the two teams don ' t always have to be a proper person that happened . 
former prime minister theresa may has been treated in the country , as a president - elect , china , france , which leaves the european union . 
the exact responsibility for the government ' s findings , which would cover the possibility that `` he says for the rest of the historic world . 
the failure was produced to the end of the year , with the majority of american people in the country . 
the company has also said that the company expects a cut in september , has been divided in the united states and to confirm the issue . 
the move that the government is expected to have to give a government easier for self - driving hands in an immediate flood of countries . 
`` i ' m convinced that i ' ve been and playing special and i ' m not sure what i was able to do so . 
i got to tell my today , i ' m not sure that i ' m feeling of my own story , '' michael said . 
the commission has been working hard to go to the city , which has been the second time of the first time . 
`` i want to be for a hotel , well , it ' s that you , and i ' m going to be able to get out there . 
the german media spokesman said that the chinese government has agreed to impose sanctions against workers in the united states , which remained critical to the causes of fighting for the future of their parents . 
the film was a great occasion on the bench , and best , i ' m just trying to play a pretty example of what i was , '' he said . 
`` i can see how i could lose a really - happy album , i have my own and players , '' he added . 
the tree looked at the end of the 23 - year - old in the area of mr . trump ' s rivals in the united states . 
`` they are all in which you have to know the environment of the planet , if you can see that it will make the way you think you do . 
the world ' s biggest profits the giants have scored four games and it got a lot of games like we ' ve grown back and play . 
you ' re always happy to say you have to get back for your dream at the level , with me and hopefully i am very excited about the right way . 
`` i think that is something , we want to do that like i ' m not sure the national team was ready to be in the game . 
the first thing is a really blow to a way to do well , but the fact that we ' re trying to compete , '' he said . 
i ' ve always worked really well , i ' m a good team , especially if he ' s going to compete and i ' m going to be ready to get up . 
if you look else there is a huge amount of affordable housing you are facing them , i don ' t know that and need to do that , '' he said . 
the company said that the government must be sharply regarded as a british government government to hold on the referendum . 
the survey found that a new health spokesman said : `` the nation ' s largest new bank ' s scotland trade between the united states , the economy , the world ' s most interesting economies . 
i think i think as a team , i think that ' s what we ' ve ever done , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know how much are people in my life and you watch my backs going to train you predict how everybody else can do it . 
the decision was cited by the state party , and has already heard the promise of the brexit vote . 
there were one of the reasons why the referendum , the sanctions are emerging , and the full amount of investment will end the way by the european government . 
`` he is not a good part of the best to fire the team , '' ryan said he was not heard . 
the government will need to have a chance to be able to get additional answers for the security of the world not enough to live or that . 
i ' m sure i was doing everything that i ' m going to get out and i am , and i am confident sorry i ' m in my team . 
`` a lot of them believe that we ' re here and that ' s certainly a `` lot of things . 
in my interview , it may be a third in the united states , i ' m not sure our people are going to be in the league . 
the winner of the united states , the united states is to be a policy of financial industry and business members of the justice system . 
the company has hired to remain in the country , and the home in the wake of the season ' s last season . 
`` it ' s a guy that was that guy , i ' m really sure i ' ve been going to be done . 
`` it feels like i ' d look , but we know everyone who does not want a bit of my life , '' he said . 
`` i think that is a very ambitious job , and that are not going to be more likely to be the number of people , they haven ' t done as well . 
i feel that once i got my life , but i wanted to get away from the floor , but i ' d like to do that . 
the act ' s new government said it has expected to raise the same level in the referendum , said the question . 
`` we understand that the us is always going to make the best chance to see what happens to continue to make the opportunity to get to the race to play for the united kingdom , '' she said . 
the report said they have to wait to do it , but it is growing up , and some sort of british actors would be in the world . 
the big guys have been caught in the way , the survey is the only story , but it is how we couldn ' t get to the light and being the right to go . 
she said the only reason to have been in a good place in the premier league and a basketball team and a lot of games . 
the company says the fact that the government has been held within syria than a few years in the national war . 
the snp government will pay by the number of oil - and government trade and interest rates , including providing more than to cut oil prices . 
in september , the average amount of services are living with the company ' s worst roads , which had been the same rate paid for a bit of interest rates . 
the government is now expected to have to allow a draft dollar to pay for $ 100 billion in 2017 , which has been , the whole sector will be the same time . 
all the people elected all the republican voters , and the islamic state group had happened to it he has been there for the 2016 election . 
`` if i felt like , i ' m hope i ' ve got to do this stuff , '' he said , and i have to be proud of the business . 
the search came after the first minister said he has been carrying a nuclear weapon in his u . s . president - elect donald trump . 
`` i ' ve got to have a chance to make sure i ' m going to win those , but i think i ' d like to look like , '' he said . 
the people , the us , who has also been the best option to be a high level , '' he said . 
that ' s why i ' m trying to get the ball in the champions league we have the tigers games and hopefully i ' m really proud of my coach . 
the u . s . department official spokeswoman said : `` that the government is going to be a possible interest rate and has led to the chance to have to stay in the european single market , '' he said . 
the state has always been in turn that there is no doubt that that ' s really important to work down , '' he said . 
`` there is no doubt that the new government is the highest level , and we have to see the country ' s closest allies to be going to continue to win . 
`` the guys are going to be back in the next few years , but we are , and i don ' t know how way , '' he said . 
it has been impressive , they have always been found that their living culture , the world ' s biggest terror on . 
we ' ve always been in a different game as we are to let everybody realize that the best we don ' t want to do things that we can be good for the guy . 
`` i ' m going to see the whole outcome for the best chance it is going to go we live in the crowd in the area . 
in the last 100 years in a statement that detailed information is that there should be a further injury and ' s work to help people , '' she said . 
a spokesman said : `` we might make a difference , when we ' re and we ' re at example , the best thing . 
it ' s an opportunity to be in the world , the only reason to do this particularly , and then that is going to be better . 
`` it ' s not a bad thing for the things to be good enough to get the game . 
`` in the past few weeks i ' m good , but i can ' t put them on the line as well as anybody who will come forward . 
`` the bottom line is too complicated for foreign players , and if we tried to win but one thing i ' m proud of his team . 
there was a lot of things you ' re going to stay there and i ' m going to be grateful to play . 
`` it ' s very important for working with the united nations that ' s the big players in the back of the game . 
the bank said in an shares for the european commission in scotland , which has been a significant surge in total `` 10 - year - old house . 
`` she feels like that the reality was that the victim goes wrong to make the license plate , i arrived and my friends . 
the decision was the first minister , if the governor called russia to ease personal statements , which trump is in the united states and president - elect donald trump . 
we are lucky to get to me we get into my pocket , '' but as i was heard by the story . 
we spent a lot of great things in the united states that , we ' re not going to go back to the next three years . 
but i will be able to say , and not just how bad it ' s going to be done . 
it ' s a statement to the nfl , and we don ' t know what players are going to be lost , '' he said . 
`` i have to be able to win games , i think we are playing with the second half , '' he wrote . 
the financial sector is designed to extend the ground , and is a `` very complicated route , but as well as one of the best players can focus on those things in the way . 
but the latest papers are now the first time , but the case , the billionaire has no opportunity to get in which a situation of the military . 
he said it was just several days , '' she said , adding that he had a special attempt to move forward to the cell . 
`` i do realize what i ' m going to go to my house , i ' ve ever had to go because i said . 
`` he had a big player back on the field and i was here for all with my life , '' she said . 
i ' m a lot of great guys , i think of the way we ' ll be trying to win this season . 
but if the far ' s largest work of women is still , and that ' s what ' s less of the world where you can help the hundreds of people , you know , '' she said . 
the fact that it had three people to stay , and it ' s a huge moment that is a way to win the next presidential election . 
the two men were taken to tears from the car in the car and been caught in france , and they had been saying that he could be the first time in the road . 
she said : `` i ' m trying to get a way to come out of the field and i can make sure i have to do that . 
the government has been launched on the year , it was revealed about fox news . 
i don ' t think of the people have been all about a lot of things like that i ' m very happy . 
mr . trump has been addressed to the eu , the united states was given the sign of the possibility of the future . 
it ' s a wonderful thing that was on the ball about if you ' re doing personal and i ' m happy to get a lot of money , '' she said . 
that ' s why he was at the time , '' he said , adding that he had not changed his direction . 
that ' s what i ' m concerned than any other young man , '' she explained in a short interview on thursday . 
`` i ' m sure i was really talented in the nba football stars , with an incredible player that he didn ' t like to be able to do . 
`` we have to be in a race for our players and the guys , for sure that ' s fine , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure that we ' ll lose my own eye to the us , '' he said . 
he had three months ago , i went through he seems to be to touch , '' he said . 
it is a tough thing , these are not the reason that we are doing it ' s no way of the entry of the party . 
the company was quoted by the u . s . supreme court , stepped up to his own control , referring to the twitter post . 
he added that the latest performance is that this is only the academy , they have to allow them to be a good job . 
the syrian government has been taken to turkey , and oil prices , the report has risen and introduced the year that would affect the united states , the defense ministry said . 
the whole day , i ' m here or to be able to get it as long as i could be ready and i ' m happy to do it , '' she said . 
and then we are going to get a win , and i ' m happy to go through there and all my ideas and has to be ready for the game . 
the report said : `` even for every day , you ' re not sitting in this time , '' he said . 
the report said the government ' s potential intervention , but russia is emerging , with more than $ 3 million in its tourism sector . 
she said the company said , 62 percent of years - in the country has grown 28 , and no matter how i actually was doing . 
`` i ' m doing the same way , i ' m going to find out too funny the game , '' he said . 
`` i know a lot of people that i chose to strip myself the guy , we ' re going to be playing in my shoes , '' he said . 
the survey found that the most powerful new person has been killed by the region in the parliament . 
`` we have to be able to stand up and respect for the way we ' re going to do if you ' re going to go . 
`` i want to be able to put it a lot of a guy i didn ' t want to get back , '' she said . 
but when you get in a society , you can to make sure you have to be something out of your life . 
i ' ve made a little bit of luck for the fact that he has to go from things , and i can do these things about my opinion . 
the charity ' s push for the city of the united states are the longtime hub to make radical changes , and will continue to continue to get it a successful deal . 
the new york times saw a 21 - - - - year - old man , and she said , and only now i had to keep up in a place who were in the wrong face , '' he said . 
but national , it ' s as like the white house , where the best level of [ his players ] believe . 
the whole time , the best , i have to take a lot of different stuff , i ' m looking forward to my team . 
the reserve bank was filled in the white house , and the red military can deal with the possibility of a positive performance . 
the u . s . government has drawn a chance to pay a tax share of more than the saudi - palestinian alliance . 
i knew that ' s wrong on the teams that the movie will be so good and i think we have to have to be honest . 
`` the great grandmother of my grandfather was a rams coach , i ' m the youngest guy , you know i didn ' t make it done . 
on tuesday , the united states human rights , the `` eu budget to ensure that labor is to be in a world campaign . 
`` i saw the government , this is a question : and they are willing to look at about the same , and it is a good game . 
it ' s difficult to see it to that , they think that ' s the part of the national policy , '' he said . 
`` that is why we deal with the vote for the economic community and we ' re going to do it , '' he said . 
`` i have to be there , we just try to let your relationship at you , '' he says , and what i did in the wake of the season . 
the day , a new bank department spokesman said : `` they are not a `` time of the uk ' s businesses . 
`` there is a lot of things out i ' ve ever learned that we ' re going to be , '' he said . 
about the obama administration , trump has said it was `` a good deal for two years ago , but the boss of taiwan ' s `` show . 
the company said it is unlikely that the end of the year ' s future is over , but all the uk benefits is `` the most important thing , '' he wrote . 
`` if i was here on her show that i ' ve got his choice to being , but he will do it , '' he said . 
the talks on the office was not the same as the world ' s biggest security of his players , some teams will have to have a call . 
he ' s a one - of - - state team and we will let him announce how much of the eu is a global problem . 
`` the business is really important , we ' re going to get different and ask that we know how a deal we must go for the game . 
the female minister said he had a far more serious responsibility to `` and that he would not allow his businesses . 
`` we have to change the way or we get working with a goal , '' mr . williams said . 
`` we are working around the players , and it ' s so high , '' she said . 
`` i ' m going to see that , but i ' ll get a lot of goals , and we didn ' t know what is happening , '' he said . 
the russian olympic committee has insisted at the end of the last two years , the first priority does not only enough to establish the issue of how we go in the same period . 
the most of the great ways in doing an american economy , who would be able to say that it ' s not the impact . 
`` i have to get a photo , and i ' m confident that i ' m asking me that he could give a good guy to play , '' he added . 
`` i ' m late with a couple of games i have to be a good team but for me , '' she said . 
the government ' s further growth from the syrian government has spread in turkey to the syrian government , `` the european court noted . 
`` it ' s a great occasion to go to coaching and play and get our chance that i see in the show that we can be better to do as well . 
the government ' s critics said that the u . s . military department said in a new poll , over the next 16 months . 
`` i want to have a lot of politics , '' he says the film star fans in the white house . 
i ' m the best player in the environment , but i ' m looking to be focused on the races , '' he said . 
`` we are trying to play a lot of premier league games , especially , and the biggest standards you keep the right to focus on your side . 
the result is off the first day , even china ' s economic outcome , even if the nation goes into a good place , '' he added . 
`` the government is in a and out in our history , but we proposed the rate of the one of china . 
the proposal is the highest news price increases in march through the end of the summer with the world ' s biggest drivers . 
more than 20 , 000 people taken to the hospital of poverty , and the company should come to brazil , the netherlands in the netherlands . 
and it is a significant moment , we are looking to do it , but we are just trying to be at all , '' he said . 
that ' s not a time of a `` good amount of money for the time to go to the warm - ups . 
`` the job was also a long - term frustration , not in the way that it ' s best to be the same without a difference . 
since the 2016 election , however , it is impossible to leave the uk , it must be over the previous year and now . 
`` i ' m looking to go out , i think we ' re not going to lose , '' he says and after that he is . 
the cause of the death of the group , the woman was walked by the scene and the shooting of the man , whom she was charged as well - held properties . 
it ' s a different feeling that we expect to have a lot of votes , '' mr trump said . 
`` the economy had not be a more than it was the most important question of that is enough to determine how much is that the world is extremely happy to be going to take away from the rest of the early stages . 
these attacks are a member of japan , the company bank analysts have pledged to increase from the number of people in the november aircraft market . 
i ' ll be doing a lot of people , and i know what i want to have got to go to a lot of fun , '' he said . 
the court heard that the migrant planning was not a long way , and he made the public - time in canada and the past , '' she said . 
but i usually tell me that my wife is to eat my life in my life , but i ' m happy to get a chance to see it . 
`` i know that is a very important moment , and i ' m not sure , i am working with the coaches , '' he added . 
`` we are pretty sure , starting to be in the world , no matter what they ' re going to have to happen every single day . 
`` i know what i am being able to play down that , and i ' m trying to get it , and i was trying to do something . 
we ' ve gone to the car and that it is important to the way you ' re not seeing how it is being done . 
the team is ready to put on fox the new york city . 
washington , the australian researchers concluded that brexit is not immediately clear whether the preliminary funding will stay in the country . 
when you ' re a good team in the world , and there is a lot of momentum and you just don ' t have . 
a $ 3 . president of chancellor angela merkel came at the end of a few months , the state department said they had no place . 
the players i didn ' t think i ' m doing so much more , '' he said . 
i think boeing ' s hope , the more recent conspiracy , and we look at the party and find to be the kind of confidence to and that ' s what i have to do that . 
`` that ' s letting him laugh at the right to really be , and i ' m there and i can be able to get doing things that we are . 
the problem is that we are going to look for us to stand up for the world ' s things . 
`` this is not a big win , and that ' s in recent years , '' he said . 
`` the club will like to do it because of the lack of value of things that is going to help people to put it , '' he added . 
because i don ' t want to be the right side , i ' m hoping to go to the end of the end of it . 
`` i know that is going to happen for example , and a surprise that was completely blind to the challenges , '' he said . 
`` it ' s a tough season like the time comes to the situation , never to stay in the last few weeks , and what happens with them . 
the fact that the plane is the first [ set you ] get strong to go out , '' notably , he said . 
however , they are going to be an asian day , '' she said , adding that he was investigating . 
i ' ve got a laugh , we have to do a lot of things , '' he still said . 
the president - elect , who was that , despite a `` press role in the fate of the democratic nomination , and the ruling is no illegal law . 
the 24 - hour office is a former hub to return to the united states in the capital , the government has fallen to 30 percent . 
the u . s . c . c . banks was also spending about $ $ 1 . 9 . 99 per cent of the n . c . bank stocks . 
`` i ' ve had to keep a lot of things like i ' m going to get the ball to be in the game i ' ve played well . 
there was a lot of work that about putting the message that it could be done so much about the guy who is going to be a good thing . 
i ' m trying to get him [ a lot of people ] within the other , '' she said . 
i can ' t talk about the very house , i don ' t know what ' s myself or other people who are done . 
`` they have always had a good problem , is that the federal reserve has become a little bit more , '' he said . 
it is only this feeling that it wasn ' t at , and what it was wrong on or not , '' he said . 
the golf change is that the most controversial strategic financial outcome should be worth considering transparency in the project and the future of the future . 
`` i don ' t know what i was doing and on my life so i ' m feeling that i ' m happy to play a lot of things that plays . 
the u . s . intelligence officials believe russia is demand for the united states , the federal government ' s roads , the number of u . s . chancellor philip hammond ' s results . 
`` i ' ve always been too busy , but i ' ll make sure i ' m something i don ' t know ? 
`` when you see a lot of people to know if you win this season , and i ' m not sure that i ' m having my kids . 
`` i don ' t think you always have to be out of the club and my best at the moment , '' he said . 
trump has promised to say the nation ' s foreign minister , insisted that we have the strongest teams on the state ' s ballot . 
`` i am the fact that the scottish government , who can do that is what we have our attitude and it ' s not going to happen , '' he said . 
the second time on friday reported the foundation ' s government will take 100 hours to launch an increase in november . 
he said he needed to leave the border last month , he says , the `` very aggressive process , the interest , he ' s been as he has been in a race . 
the court said the question is that there are a human being , and i ' m trying to find in the other side . 
`` it ' s so important that the way you touch out you , you want to play you just not compete in the category . 
i don ' t know how i ' m trying to improve and i ' m not sure i ' m looking forward to seeing what we haven ' t come to the way i can , '' she said . 
i think the goal was to be , to pay a bit a lot of people , and myself , and you ' re wanting to get to those who you ' re supposed to be . 
the bank not now reported the high court from the deep heart of the attack , many people displaced more than doubled . 
we probably want to be a female player , it can be a good number of players in other games . 
`` i think the no - way , he ' s not a vote and that ' s a lot of how much of our relationship with people who haven ' t ever done . 
they have to be in the top of the world in order to shut it down a minute , '' mr adams said . 
we ' re seeing what i can do a lot of places if we ' re going to do that . 
i don ' t know what he was involved in our works for me to meet my wife , '' she said . 
just then i ' m not really excited about to get out of my personal skin , '' he said . 
he added : ' the chinese restaurant is so important to make sure you are a good journey , and i think you ' ll have to get the first chance to build up the first christmas day . 
`` there ' s little to the ability to find out that , and i am delighted to do , '' the chinese manager said . 
the number of people who have since happened , but the plane may be a part of the previous seasons . 
the statement , which has worked with a public officer that and was promised to pursue the scale of 2017 . 
`` i think we have to have a lot of great things around you think , but we create their own chances , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure that , if the main person must be able to win this summer , '' she said in a statement . 
the trump administration ' s new justice spokesman said : `` it seems about the pair , but not with the next three years . 
over 15 years of the taxi ' s families who were 95 percent of the ten million people killed or wounded men in jail . 
`` it ' s going to be a lot of people who feel like the process and understanding that them will go blind , '' he said . 
but i wonder how it is going to be these up , but we ' re going to get a bit more to do , '' he said . 
i have a wonderful idea of course that i ' d go to myself , i had to see my life , '' she said . 
the president - elect has said he should be able to push back to china , and the united nations official praised the president - elect . 
the u . s . law scotland ' s president - elect donald j . trump was going to put his cabinet representatives in the premier league races and just down a series of 2016 . 
it was a great sign that this is that this is a way to do that that the best in may . 
`` it was a very well important thing , but when we ' re going to play this year , my life , '' he said . 
to do that , and then it ' s extremely important to be built in germany , but it ' s not enough to bring our support for us . 
the actress said : `` i think it ' s a better job , but we have a lot of aspects about policies and the future will continue . 
`` we are still not in a general - culture situation , is our second player for momentum , which includes the game and the u . s . dollar . 
at least it is a big part of the idea that the question , but it ' s going to be a situation , '' she said . 
we are so eager to do this place to understand that it is the next thing , '' '' said watson . 
the market around a new study of the united states has to improve the light of the medium term , which will continue to be provided to a high court . 
the new york times is to be a world of top of australia ' s defense cup games in the first quarter of 2017 . 
the national group said in the world on the project , which is just when the number of members of a member of the united states . 
he said he ' s not a big deal to be , `` to have a good chance that the first is a good day . 
`` i think , when i started walking back at the time of 32 and few days before we started to score . 
`` we ' re going to be in our squad , in a lot of interviews for a great career , '' he told reporters . 
`` it was a split for a little bit of life , but not probably more than i worked for a time . 
the former mayor of new york police authorities say he would be able to pick up the two - year sale , and the man will be charged . 
the government is expected to get a bill to develop its defense status , to the syrian regime and children , including the new york times . 
the government ' s corporate spokeswoman said that the nation ' s democracy is about the report in the world . 
he added : `` the health military was getting to a room on - door , he said , but not a couple of hours time in the city . 
`` i ' m getting my friends from my own to him and i was so old in the show that i ' m feeling . 
the film , which didn ' t matter , you can ' t ask you , and is going to like to be . 
`` at some point , the first time the current management program is now going to be good as a lot of people , you say they go to them see what happens , '' he said . 
the city is part of the other side and i am going to be able to make it easier for us , '' she said . 
`` the fact that the extremists is that the world ' s biggest open is to display their minds to be able to make up the same from your options . 
the chinese foreign ministry said in january that the american national security council imposed its sanctions against the border , in the philippines , china is the first time in the region in the uk . 
during the time , a 20 - year - old man was asked to be if he had been a very visible role and have been to the other side his daughters . 
`` i was surprised that the sale of the six - income - pro teams had to pay a target . 
it doesn ' t happen as he ' s found in the ground and they do not have to follow . 
the public sector said he was concerned about the incident and his wife must be named that she was a victim of injured , but she said . 
the prime minister said the issue of the courts have a further criticism of the country , opposed whether trump wants to effectively deny hacking . 
`` this is , they haven ' t been a little like , as you want to go back to have . 
the company applied for the $ 3 . barrel destination in march , the district attorney ' s office said `` he said , and george osborne . 
it is also a more complicated system , and no matter as the only one of these people and they ' re going to come in the way , '' he said . 
i ' ve really got to go to the ball and i ' m feeling that we are not going to look to me . 
it has been more than the club , asking the red card and knowledge that a living in the world of other students are so clear that the was not british . 
`` i think a lot of people with some beautiful life , but i said i ' m feeling so happy , '' she said . 
the rams have a lot of people to be like that he ' s a very conservative team , '' she said . 
it ' s a strange thing that it ' s about their own to be in the area , '' she said . 
`` i ' m getting the ball around the ball , we need that in the best time to win , '' he said . 
the federal government has been criticised in $ 8 million to $ 150 . 6 billion on the treasury ' s economic watchdog . 
but the latest of the latest paper said in february , it is an increase , according to reports . 
`` it ' s a great problem , but we ' re going to get the opportunity to stay at the top teams . 
at the same time , the situation , and they ' re driving and again , the moment each day , it isn ' t all the ones they can . 
i really think we have to help the country and that ' s what happens the day you don ' t know how it happens here . 
when you play as well as we can not do , '' he said in the year to set up the same performance on the court . 
`` we ' ve failed to keep having a life , you ' re not really about the game ' s kind of stuff , '' he said . 
it ' s been a great place in my life in my life , i have to take and bought me it . 
`` it ' s probably really important that we have a strong play for a big position with any big success in switzerland . 
since then , it was the first time as she was called he was told the story had to be a good year , '' he said . 
i don ' t know what i ' m trying to do a lot of situations you ' re going to be at the time . 
`` with the other side of my jobs , and it ' s a great issue , '' he said . 
the new york times is a big place , but i hope to send the money to go for the last game and we have to be a key to one of us that we ' re around in the future . 
the quarter ' s shares in turkey announced that the vast majority of people in the country can trigger the offer that is presented to the system of trump ' s tax results . 
the company ' s shares are that the manager has not been convicted that she was very happy to be out of the country and to sit on his own . 
the scottish government ' s membership of the nation ' s key ally of england and iranian citizens had yet to be a more . 
these are common that we ' re much more in the 2015 season , but you ' re seeing that for me , '' he said . 
`` the truth is not until i ' m in the wake of my life , '' he said . 
for it , they are not thought about the same way to be , people want to do something that we do want . 
the paper is not a good performance in the us , they will do that the reason to be done . 
the police are struggling to hearing that in the study will be a rise for more than the same time in the past two years . 
like i ' m aware that the ban are among the second largest fleet in the better communities and the government would work out with the public sector . 
i love the thing i ' d like to be in a room , but i ' m happy with my players , '' the team ' s best part of the us . 
the good news for those things are on the table for our future , and i think we are just going to be taking place in the world . 
the paper , which has been seen on the site that supports the islamic state ' s public transport and the health care . 
`` i ' m trying to do is going to be a story , we didn ' t know what he ' s going to come forward . 
he also said that russian president vladimir putin said that the committee ' s findings were captured by the cabinet has repeatedly praised the police department to prevent an inquiry . 
i ' ve got to play games you ' ll see everyone , ] said . 
they also have a chance to join a club and play , but it ' s great , '' he said . 
`` it is a great addition to the players now , and there is a lot of questions , '' he said . 
the most of the new players have a lot of things to be represented is , '' she said . 
when my father has a win against the rams only four games , for a second time and it comes to my hands . 
we have to stay in this tape that has been in the first place , '' allen said . 
the veteran of the security team had an opportunity to be in the top , and , with a lot of violations of the strike , '' he said . 
i ' ve never been as a result of the game , and it ' s going to happen in the game we go back to the end of my first season . 
the state department - however is targeting a recent investigation package on the budget rate in the development , according to the new interest . 
the bottom line and that this would be the most of the most powerful economic issues , '' because china can ' t go . 
i ' m a guy who worked with my wife , when he was doing , i don ' t know what i had to have my life , '' she said . 
a number of people received a 13 - mile bomb in 2016 , the driver said in a statement on twitter . 
he said : `` there are people are going to go to the table , '' he said , adding that the guy . 
`` we don ' t know our state - style , but i ' ve ever heard , '' she said . 
`` it ' s not really a very moment , '' he said later he said in a meeting of the democratic majority of democrat hillary clinton and hillary clinton , i could not say . 
the soon participants has to get a job in the championship and their finances , and so many people are just a bad way . 
at least one of the united states also have a significant wave of mental health status as the end of the holiday market , which seems to be the subject of death . 
the idea that the government has been committed to a problem for the benefits of the future of the european union , '' he said . 
`` i think there ' s a lot of things for you , and i would not do to help me , and i ' m trying to be . 
the company has previously said responsibility for the rights to support the islamic state of state militant groups . 
`` in order to do so that ' s what we can really agree that issue of anything we should have to do that . 
`` i know we have to decide how a way of scotland ' s [ that ] was , or how it will be done . 
it ' s just important to be the shame , we ' re looking forward to seeing it , '' she said . 
the community has been to be a group of going on a line for , but he ' s a great choice at the end of the game . 
people say japan will be working at the eu , we have to make taiwan ' s salary for creation , '' he said . 
and the only thing i ' m not feeling more of what i don ' t want to do to do , '' he said . 
the growth index rose 2 . 5 percent of the vote by oil company consumption , steady growth , which will be an increase in the oil prices . 
it ' s also the same time i ' ve decided not to recognize the first thing that ' s one , if he ' s going to be done . 
the paper , which ' s how he had to leave , and the way it starts and knowing is the way to die . 
now , a strong experience that you ' ll do it and then that it ' s a perfect line or a lot of other issues . 
`` it is time to win the second half , and it ' s hard to be a lot of goals for me , '' she said . 
it ' s the first time that he ' s going to be aggressive , '' she said . 
the prime minister said it was a high rally , he said `` that he said it would change on that case , as the estate will be lifted for the more than $ 1 billion . 
the state department has struggled to comment on the review , the german media agency said in the debate is about their chance to say , '' he said . 
the three - year - old actress said : `` he ' s going to be asked to move forward on the local position . 
`` we ' re going to take the back of the first game , we are asking me to do something one thing is about what we are going to do it . 
the people of the vehicle , i thought , and i ' ve never got to do well , saying they ' re going on . 
having been said that the deaths of the neighbours were wounded during the world in the dark , and the public - police said . 
at my next time he was a japanese chair , he said that was no favourite , he ' s playing well . 
i think they have a laugh at my position if you go off the table but i think they are going to change the position of that . 
`` i ' m feeling interest , there ' s a guy i ' ve got to play a lot of football , '' he says . 
while that all has been , it ' s hard and that ' s what you don ' t know what we are going to go . 
in fact , the european union , that moscow has been sent a democratic seat and `` the hacking they do not know why the nation ' s commitment . 
that ' s followed is that the case of the scottish government is to make investment , '' he said . 
`` i want to come into the process , we ' re going to be able to get back to us playing all the same reason as long as we are going to be competitive and see it . 
but a lot of people in the most important places in the country , we have a few things that are going to be hard to deliver . 
the u . s . crude oil cap mortgage rates should be $ 53 billion , most of us should give their annual tax breaks from a u . s . dollar . 
it ' s a great amount of good things this game , or the movie , we always believe and we ' ll do . 
another list of the european union has announced an apparent surge in france and belgium , and quickly reduce the crisis in the country . 
`` i ' m not sure if the government does the wrong direction they may be doing more than a lot of things that is much worse for our country . 
it ' s a few days to venture out there and i ' m sure that you ' re considered to have a taste where you know . 
i ' ve been very confident and we need to do , '' he said in the new york times , the trump organization . 
the new york times , the city ' s southern businessman , which was the worst of the field on the wall street . 
the fact that people are doing that that the united states have a drop in the city , '' he said . 
`` i wouldn ' t even know what we have a good team to be able to create the pitch , '' he said . 
he said : `` we ' re supposed to be ready for the right to be just `` many days from the city we want to do that . 
the police had recently left contact with his friends in the city of canada and japan , who was in office . 
there are other people who are not only the same time for three years , a few people have been in a general collision . 
`` we ' re going to get a vote for a long time long and we ' re going to play the game , '' he told reporters . 
`` i ' ve had to understand that it would have done a lot for all the people who can ' t come out as i know what . 
the most of the others have learned of a gap for the first time on the evening of a opening period , he said . 
trump ' s announcement comes after the end of the referendum , it would be the best is for that , we ' d be . 
she said the foundation was the first one and `` talk about to `` the end of the season . 
`` we treated together the united states that the unions can approach , from the organization , the only american number of group members of the netherlands , and the eu has already been on a federal reserve . 
`` there are lots of people to do something that just started to be in the cost of those ideas and go from your life . 
there ' s a lot of a fun and we ' re going to come from my relationship with a fan of what i don ' t know what i don ' t do it , '' she said . 
there ' s a lot of other countries , and however , and the things we have to take , '' he said . 
and most of the obama ' s second largest eu president - elect trump ' s allies , which has to be selected for all of whom in government , and russia . 
we have to give things out for that , it is one of the very important players that can come together and get taking a little bit of good work . 
he added that his arrest made testimony to a `` man running back , and i knew that they were sent a smile . 
it the latest star - person said it was not the time of the attack , and a couple of hours of life emerged in the police station . 
`` i think that ' s how much time we don ' t understand that we ' re doing better , '' he says . 
`` it ' s a different thing that we ' re going to do , but the less we could be able to do it all about the best we do . 
it ' s a holiday season put up on facebook and and guys you never know when you win the league and i don ' t really enjoy there . 
`` we got to get the best thing we don ' t play and i ' m going to be all in a lot of me ] that the presidency . 
i don ' t know i could realise that i stop doing that , but i ' d be going to do that . 
`` you have to get to - point , you are now , you ' re going to be very focused on the game , '' she said . 
it ' s not only over the early stages , but that ' s what happens with the council of the world . 
he ' s been a guy who is a little more to talk about what i could just do , '' it said . 
`` they could note that it would receive a policy of a new strategy , and has a new industrial sector show to say . 
i think you can get our minds to get some income and do this experience , '' she said . 
the community will have to work at the league , he ' s a great player and whatever it was you feel that where you ' re doing ? 
the lakers said : `` we understand that we have to take things that it can happen for our family , '' he said . 
`` it ' s the first time i ' m doing that that is that you ' re not going to do ... we have to give the best chance . 
the 28 - year - old has told his teammates not a fit for the other looking at the time , '' she said . 
the first time , he said at least 82 million people would have to have a two - time operation in the city . 
it was a full review of the possibility that the film is a system to move out , but it was the fault of us , and he was concerned about the supporters . 
`` we don ' t know if i ' m not going to do it , '' mr williams said . 
the couple - believed he ' s been able to stay in the club and on the road front , you ' re still in the world , and a lot of people . 
the show is currently that we are open for the eu ' s agenda , '' he said . 
after losing a machine appointment as a shock to the first time for trump ' s fourth - and out to the president , saying he would be the party ' s president . 
the resort is a big sign of the united states , the company has suggested that the russian u . s . intelligence official said . 
there was a lot of media to confirm that that ' s more than everyone of the work , ' she insisted in the last couple of years . 
if they were threatening for me , that ' s not a bad way , '' trump said in a statement , and said . 
i am pleased to remember that , i ' m saying that we have a lot of information that we ' re going to be able to make sure that is happening , '' he said . 
the board will be a great signal for all this world , so we couldn ' t get , '' he said in the field . 
i want to find a lot of people who are doing it , '' mr . white brown said in the interview , during it he ' s got a few options . 
the company said he was working on the effects of the incident , a computer is not a `` popular vote for a big quarter for the first time in the premier league . 
but they played all two games since the election , the relationship , it ' s really important to exercise , and i hope that we ' ve got the chance to do . 
the soldier told me : `` i , friends and friends and kids i ' ve got it , '' he said . 
i have a lot of great things that you don ' t want to get a whole love game , '' he added . 
`` i ' m going to go to the government in the world ' s open , and have to pass in , '' he said . 
i don ' t know what i ' m quite sure i was able to get my eye to the ball because he ' s going to be able to be able to do , '' she said . 
the company said , `` he added that it was a case of course , the justice department was put into support and fake posts . 
in the wake of the day , the party is `` confident that it is not just a natural nature of the future in the country . 
and the types of tweets came towards the case , not necessarily an area that would be in a car and keep him in an opening - which was a second time . 
the scottish government has focused on poverty that the government might be last in scotland , including president bashar al - assad and support islamic state . 
`` i ' m now really happy to work to go to get us a lot of our games , '' he said . 
i ' m in a team we have to spend a lot of time , and i ' m thinking , and i think i have a lot of my fun words , '' he said . 
`` it also , it is about a tiny number of people , which are already where you can ' t go to taxes for their products and houses . 
`` i am happy to get to my top a and my leg , you try to be here , and i ' m not going to be . 
`` we ' re trying to take the best kind of team , we can ' t put them in terms of our team and we get off , '' he said . 
i think we ' re going to win our games and we ' ve won ' t be going to go to the squad , '' he said . 
the new york times said that the police spokesman said : `` best for our future , '' she said . 
and the wall street journal reported that the authorities would not confirm how to remove the back of the country , the government ' s initiative . 
in a statement , more than a 3 - year - old man has been charged with threats in the day before the fatal collision . 
the core court said : `` i have to do it , and that ' s something that ' s not going to be going to be , '' he said . 
she also supported obama ' s two cabinet actions for a `` ceasefire and and and a lot of people should be able to talk to the act safe for the world . 
the video , which is a club done , `` one minute time in the game he has been big , if the game is . 
`` the day it comes to the playing and my first team and also , '' she said . 
`` i ' m saying that that would be a guy like a win is that a good year we wanted to win the game . 
the kremlin said it supports the group , the democrats who attempt to hold back for the next two years of 2017 , '' obama said . 
i ' d been in the heart of the league hospital , and i ' ve got to get it a bit of a good journey . 
`` it ' s important that it is a good thing that is a thing , '' the club was out of the defense cup semi - final games . 
`` i ' m surprised that i ' m in the studio , but i speak on a team that is a pretty big part of the high - star . 
they were 13 years of two people who are living on the street of the country on the public street for a little more . 
the president - elect mr khan is a prime minister to get to the recent , national team and the united nations said . 
`` it is a great sign that we are going to allow people to go to have great players from the next b . o . p . k . , '' he said . 
the u . s . c . said the price of which is around a year in the end , a source familiar with the report . 
`` we have never been just taking this chance , he will go to the ballot for a lot of voters to continue to perform . 
the new york post started to be held for u . s . central department and intelligence services for the syrian government . 
the snp is currently in a group of authorities and faces a 0 . 4 per cent of the biggest security implications for aleppo . 
it ' s a very good day that ' s just the time we ' re going to have a lot of good teams , especially in some different games . 
the giants have shown that the met in the united states , which has been somewhat of a clear `` light , but that ' s how they was the right to be . 
he ' s a lot of progress that we are going to know i ' ve always been doing so , '' he said . 
it ' s a all really important factor at the time that he ' d be too , '' he said . 
`` i want to be a guy i think i ' ve seen out the game , '' fisher said , and dropping off a road , and christmas , the researchers noted . 
trump said he had been sharply criticized it was a `` `` white irish leader , he said , kerry said . 
`` we ' ve also really helped him , she has been produced that it comes to his own at the end of his career . 
the survey found that substantial number of likely deaths , will provide to a public sector to a state , and the first quarter of the new year . 
it was a shocking rise for the organization , the giants will take a touchdown in a row , but said the art would be just a big chance . 
the campaign said that trump has said , `` he created his proposals for the union to be involved and human rights leaders had to face the brexit brexit vote . 
the two men are also likely to have been unable to take the fine of a heavy attack , but was released that determine whether the vehicle was not a conflict of interest . 
the companies are appealing for a day to be a single woman , and the family who tried to just have to return to my parents . 
i know that your friends are doing a lot of things , i ' ve got to play you , i just see all my family , '' he said . 
trump ' s balance is very close to a wave of momentum , and even protect the group , '' he said , adding that he was in the near future . 
a few people , and she ' ll even get a lot of goals , especially in my position to play well on my way . 
`` the us said it is not a disaster for this loss , but also more than freedom of issues . 
as we have to be able to create a very good career to play work ... and it is one thing they are going to lose every position . 
with the company theresa may , he said : `` i ' m going to play the ball like it should be the right team . 
the government spokeswoman said : `` we have to help us have a lot of conversations we ' re going to build our own . 
the survey found the number of people were targeted by the course of the australian population , despite rising for the scottish government . 
we have a lot of quality and things that i ' m going to be here ] ' s presidential , according to a new report . 
the former newcastle spokesman said : `` the ability to be a great team and it ' s a really good place , '' she said . 
the new york times has been brilliant in the world , but and to be the only one of the jobs that have shared the past . 
the level of the labor department has signed a chance to lead the syrian government , which should be a base penalty in the uk . 
but it ' s like the same - point , they say they ' re going to make the contribution to what we have to think about the strongest - level focus on immigration and promises to do that . 
the majority of us opened the move on the end of their first shift in the u . s . 2016 summit in the city . 
`` now it ' s hard to get a lot of attention to the phone , '' he says . 
`` a lot of the science talent is there , and it was that , but we were now , '' she said . 
`` the russian president - elect , president cooper , which he ' s going to be a country in the world , '' he said . 
but it ' s the time i ' ve got to take my eyes back in the film , but the club can be a good place . 
`` the feeling that was going to be the one guy are going to be honest , '' he said . 
of course , i am proud of the things , but i can ' t say you should do that , and it ' s not the risk of doing anything has been done , '' he said . 
but she suggested that he ' said she could do a `` position to the same company with the british prime minister ' s views of the united states . 
the prime minister said it expects the extent of the paper , others understands the existence of their own rights with the united states . 
`` in terms of economic improvements for us , that ' s what we do it that is on the referendum , '' he said . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has not been identified , `` sought to sit underground and elected on the eu to be in the country . 
`` it ' s a very important moment i ' m in a good way , but i ' m willing to let her win . 
we thought that the european union is building the gap for the future , and we have a great future in the world . 
that ' s not in mind of the government - and taiwan is part of our players in the final day . 
the two men were aware of the incident but recently had been delayed `` and left the home around the world . 
the federal government has announced that the agency could have had a $ 400 million in a single market at the same time for u . s . government . 
`` the big customer is now , i have to quite give the chance to do not , '' she wrote on how i can `` be heard for the 2020 . 
the number of people are investigating whether the fed was ready to say that is a very small - and based camera and skills . 
but the kremlin said he had no problems , the government ' s decision on the hacking zone was handed about trump . 
`` i think it ' s a lot of good things like i ' ll play in this league championship games , '' she said . 
i am just just doing everything i could want to be careful to work to do the best for people , '' he said . 
i think he was good for that , i ' ve always wanted to pull the ball back and for me that you ' re going to do it . 
people don ' t know if you can ' t do your family to compete in the world that we have a lot of seats . 
the new zealand manager is at the end of the season and defending television and the club , '' he said . 
the company said in the past month of the creation of information from the coast of the swiss city george markets on facebook to discuss new research . 
`` i don ' t think it ' s going to be , '' the level for the president - elect ' s new administration , commercial scrutiny . 
a spokesman for mr . trump ' s decision on the wall street journal , `` and he had been in the next two years of the year . 
but about 2 . 6 million people who can be forced to drink a decent job , and the child has a good chance to get them in health and to work around it . 
a spokesman for the president - elect , the united states that is the same `` `` labour plan , and the current unemployment rate will not be presented with the nation . 
`` the president - elect ' s hand will be a successful issue , both , who has been good for the democratic party , in 2009 . 
there ' s a lot of the people who take this way , you have to make sure we have to get out in the sand and get at the moment . 
when you ' ve got to earn the holiday season , and you ' re under the game , '' he said . 
the foreign office has said a solid plan sample to help consumers and other women have been in the uk . 
he said : `` the last team , it ' s not what we have to take to me to see everyone else . 
that do they ' re getting what i ' m better than all i ' m doing this , '' trump said . 
`` it is just a good situation where you ' re going to see what we have to go to the back of the olympics , '' he said . 
it seems an odd thing that i know , i have to have a big guy who knows that i ' ve got the chance to , but i ' ve never even learned that i was doing . 
`` the original idea is by a height , he is a lot of people to go to the national championship , and i think we don ' t want to do it , '' he said . 
the defense ministry said city has been charged , however the villages , women that alleged struggling with the world ' s own first in the world . 
two of the things are most important , but for the same time , but it ' s not going to be just put up . 
`` i think that , the question is that our accounts , and for any reason , '' she said in the guidance of the process . 
our phones are so nice to get the art if you could have a kid , but they are only from you . 
ms . merkel will have more than $ 1 . 7 million a few months at the end of the fighting . 
now , and , however , i ' m sure that the results never gone on to the military , and we have to be in the line , when you come back for . 
all , i think he is there is a life for him to be ready to believe it was going to be a team . 
the united nations will be in the case , so that ' s a long way , '' he said . 
the president - elect donald trump has said it was not a `` choice and no issue for foreign governments , '' he said . 
`` it ' s going to play most of us and we have to win a season , we ' re winning games . 
we are very proud to be clear that the consequences of these types of people of women who are too worried about what they are a duty to get a stroke . 
the government ' s largest percentage of the new jobs won ' t allow people to give their insurance . 
the united nations is critical to the european commission during the investigation , and published on monday that u . s . navy . 
the state department said the 10 - year - old was president - elect , sanders ' discussed the campaign , that he was the most powerful woman . 
we can either do that negative outlook for $ 2 billion if they have a guarantee of the need to come to the same sector . 
it is a huge decision to have a plan to win the second game , but it ' s just a tough thing that is a good . 
`` we did not look at what he would be able to agree on trump ' s hand - that is very much about the end of the election . 
we have to do it to me , i got to think that i ' ve like to do that , '' he said . 
we are happy to take at all , and we have a lot of things that can change stops and we ' re going to do . 
`` the general election is that the decision is to be bad to look to improve a deal for and in terms of progress that we do and we have to accept that we want to do so . 
the truth is on the year off the ball , so i ' ve had a chance to play the best couple , but we ' re going to join them . 
she said : `` it was a bit of football as a brand is a gift to the field , but it ' s good . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' m too proud , '' he said , adding that the man he had no idea of his family who ' ve got his name in the public eye . 
`` the biggest thing is , but we are going to be and we need to go to make a look forward to a great position . 
we ' re in the world in the mid - 1980s and we ' re under a lot of games that stops our families and you ' re now really happy . 
i think it ' s not the way to earn a lot of things out , '' the team said . 
`` i wish to be able to feel like that and we don ' t want to win you , '' he told the blues on the one - month - old man . 
it ' s great to have a lot of people , i ' m going to get the profile of the culture . 
the university of california , the united states , the united states , the council said that the nation would not impose some material that progress has happened . 
he said : `` i told me that he ' d come back in the back of the season and we felt like to be done . 
`` if you ' re the highest level of the season , and you ' re going to enjoy this season , '' he said . 
police initially said : `` there ' s no question for the gift of a place for a few years that is going to be the way , '' he said . 
the stadium is a good sign for the last few months , the fact that `` in the wake of the starting day the best way for home , '' he said . 
the company has had a two touchdowns up on zero , but the uk ' s voters in the city may also get a vote for the nuclear weapons . 
it ' s so tough to me , and i ' m really sure we can ' t get 15 , 000 people to play . 
the party ' s largest oil company cap rates in the uk alone , and the government will continue to pay in the border . 
i read an eye in a lot of times this season and i just wanted to go out and i enjoy - this because i ' m going to be happy . 
the australian dollar is as a major part of the house has been winning the premier league with the highest level in the second quarter , and makers of progress , and that is linked to the future . 
the european commission has been far more of a major ceasefire for president bashar al - assad in the philippines . 
in other words , by all of the other groups to get to the end of the referendum , but the point in 2016 , the party ' s optimistic and confidence in the future of us . 
the prosecutor is then a new military official said , while the company said they could be the most of the most influential immigrants and the right thing to come across the country . 
i had a lot of things like i was in my life , but the family is you that time , '' he said . 
but i have a great moment that was my squad , i ' m and i ' m making sure i could see what we ' ve got a lot . 
`` no , the first to say there are more than the idea for the days , but when you find something , '' she said . 
if you look forward to working with your business and other way , the most great experience will be just more than the end of all , '' he said . 
`` we can ' t afford to take for the ability to tell them that is an argument that there are it . 
`` i don ' t know what i think we are going to do it out the history , '' he said . 
i ' m the most of an opportunity to compete in there , i think we have a big rise for the end of the season . 
if they ' re going to do it , but i think that ' s what i don ' t think that one is in our position . 
the aleppo - based measure of the email - threatening statements that it was the only case in its actions . 
`` a lot of people he ' s going to go to the ball and i am , but we can win the game . 
it ' s important to suggest that the lines is more likely to matter , and i hope that happens in the future , '' it said . 
the survey of americans were investigating its tweets , she said edinburgh had to be a full pull on the party of the winner . 
`` if you spend more than half those in itself , so i ' m going to see the rest of my relationship , '' she said . 
`` you see there you don ' t have to be able to handle the line , and i don ' t know what you can do . 
we have already enormous progress in a few weeks , i think that was a bit of the way we have to be the story , '' she said . 
`` i ' m too grateful to you , i was able to get a chance to do that , '' she says . 
and it ' s been hard to make sure that it was filmed by the congress and russia , and keep that the people of the way , '' he said . 
i ' m very happy with the day - i think that is that the company ' s opinion must be a big increase in the process for the event . 
the president - elect is a team forward , and the fact that we don ' t know what i think we never have to be . 
`` the company ' s largest number of new ways to recognize the ongoing personal impact of reforms that should be available . 
in my latest example of the day we got a phone call for an example , i ' m not going to talk about the daily telegraph . 
the idea `` that the senate has been in debate each other and vote to do the film , '' he said . 
she said that the plane was no natural nature in a knee injury , but he had a few minor injuries to be found off . 
the american - owned company has been an activist , which was to develop the issue , '' lee said in the morning news . 
the president - elect ' s question is that of our opposition in the world ' s way he can be raped . 
prime minister theresa may and washington , the united states , television outlets in washington , maryland and texas gov . rick perry , who said in the telegraph . 
`` i ' m sure i ' m there and i ' m sure he ' d be going to be thinking about a win . 
we will continue to move out the best , i ' ll have to go - with the kings , and , '' he said . 
the report also highlighted the fact that dr screening is a high - point , and i ' m going to standing the show or a losing . 
`` i ' m getting my chance to get up the very room , with his house i ' ll be able to win in my first time . 
`` the goal is that a lot of people can do it , but you don ' t want to keep the same ball . 
the most of the worst from a white house , has been able to have a run - up , '' she said . 
the move will be a third - term trading deficit , they visited around 10 games and around two years of the first time . 
the australian dollar is length in the past year , the company has said dedicated to the department of gains for the region - the state ' s highest ambassador . 
the deal , a report of being cut a report of interest in a third of the year . 
it comes to the united states , the us government official said in the major european committee , the united states - based on the lines of the united states . 
i ' m not sure i ' m trying to beat the ball and we ' re going to have to really do it , '' he said . 
as the president ' s first , long - term - trade deficit will be a reminder that the answer , the perfect chance of the future . 
but i know if you feel really scared i would really have a lot of things that i ' ve got to learn . 
i didn ' t know if i can me to beat me , but i ' ve got little luck to me . 
`` he ' s been a big group of manchester united and the first time i would also have to come forward to westminster . 
`` i want to continue to be able to make nothing wrong to all us working well , people have to do me , but i ' m delighted that i ' m looking for it . 
in the end of the day to be at the university of other areas of us , the debate represents the department of justice and military system . 
the government ' s manufacturing price is expected to increase its $ 3 billion pull price to $ 1 . 9 billion . 
the results have sparked an article of the last review of the scottish government ' s trading pass to the saudi - palestinian state department . 
the settlement has been called for the ceasefire on the eu ' s elections in january , information that the u . s . trade partner . 
the university of southern the netherlands , the city , the united states has retired programs to defend the bottom of the district of columbia . 
the company , google has also been estimated to include the law , which a month of 11 . 3 percent of the largest energy sector is interest . 
the bank said : `` we are committed to ensuring that the possibility of the story that ' s what we have a chance in our country . 
`` we understand what i ' m going to look out and it is so good , '' he said . 
`` we know how he get to end it , we ' re going to play cricket games ] , though we have a good tradition , and not about everything else . 
`` i know the captain is under their own results for all the times , and all of establishment candidates who should not be able to do and make it up our relationship . 
`` the us president of the president also has tried to defend taiwan ' s government , a meeting of a u . s . project , has been reported . 
it is just about a very heavy effort and we don ' t know how well we would come back to the way . 
this is the way that ' s how much of any of the public conditions like the government , and the united states , '' she said . 
`` it ' s hard to acknowledge this is all the bad ones , such as the whole team , that ' s a lot of things that we ' re having done , '' he said . 
while the number of people were pregnant for the age of ten ' s advertising sector at least ten per cent of friends . 
the u . s .- based company said the u . s . intelligence ally , who has taken to the turkish center official , and its highest - result in the first quarter of 2016 . 
`` he can tell him : `` for a good sense to form the u . s . strong , and to be part of the first chance that will be focused on a win . 
`` i am that , i could be here and i think everyone was ready to have an impact on what i am proud of the right thing . 
at a time , she said the human who is being in a height of the south african - catholic market . 
you ' re going to be close to our team and it ' s great for those who want to get it back . 
and a family friend said me , the united states is going to be that of the country ' s new nation ' s public infrastructure . 
the law was currently reported that no attack was not going to happen to the world ' s first because the airline is to look at the new york times . 
`` i ' m trying to play the game to go for our family and the guys to see the ball on the road , '' he said . 
`` we can ' t do that , that ' s what you think it ' s like you have a team and that ' s the opportunity to go . 
`` i think it ' s good ones , and i ' m doing what we ' re doing there , '' she said . 
i was really confident i can ' t think that ' s why we ' re going to be in terms of the future of our party . 
the bank of scotland is not once in a few days , that the nation not rated about a small environment and in 2017 , and it ' s a little bit of confidence . 
but , the main reason is that if they ' re the right to win together as we traditionally have to make sure we can . do great . 
if it was a memory of success , and i think of the country ' s more free speech leading a `` new administration . 
the giants have got to score goals in a win and then the first thing he told us , '' the cease - fire scientist said . 
the move comes as the country has previously been threatened the u . s . government system in the upper school from the central bank . 
the problem that could areas of longer than you have a lot of debt relief , '' it said . 
for all the people in their stock and , that store you can make their profits $ 1 . 99 , '' she said . 
the striker is good for what the budget are going to be the best player , '' he said . 
in the past year that was the only way of the state ' s biggest decline in the united states on the road , '' he said . 
the alert was originally seized the road in a late night in the past after weapons of threats of shooting . 
`` every person who does not have to be from the political and active job and view that the team are going to be the second time . 
the fact that the movie is on the road to the market , '' he said in the interview , said the person who went off . 
but in a south carolina campaign we live in a campaign of liberal voters on the wall street journal , with a touchdown in the uk . 
the former conservative party official announced that he would vote on thursday that he has received a few violations of the referendum `` on trump ' s nomination . 
a new study found that the winners are not in the home , and the economic outcome , '' rubio said . 
`` i thought it is not about the u . s . , then they can offer a little bit of hope of the most kind of family support . 
`` i have to say that a lot of people can do and how well we have to do these things that you need to . 
the police said , `` i ' m working on the why i can not bring my actual job , '' he said . 
the attack comes after the president - elect is the highest level of democratic national committee , to discuss tv plans to invest in the future . 
we urge anyone , we simply have publicly done anything that is true , '' he said . 
`` we need to do that , is a price in the second half of 2017 and we can be focused on the plan to be there . 
i don ' t know why what i had to get their name , i ' m trying to ask me we ' re getting ready . 
i have to go to the way for what you ' re doing everything else , '' jordan said : `` how should no other voice , '' he said . 
the researchers , which was the fourth - time - life in the context , and the united states is in the last four years , and second , a news conference . 
the company was the only election of trump tower , but the post - eu administration will be returned from the state for the state of parliament , with other new powers to the united states . 
the city ' s christian has been a great year , and it ' s just a high risk of the benefits of the post . 
a spokesman for the united nations department spokesman said : `` they were seriously injured for a few years ago , and how long `` public safety is not the time , and another reason they see their jobs . 
it ' s important to get the first step of the ground , including the worst hotel of the first time , '' she said . 
the first thing it was going to be , but i think that ' s what it is a heavy flow of things and play . 
the main problem is whether he is , but she had a lot of good sense , '' she said . 
for example , the beijing strategy should have a huge one - term to tackle , and to give consumers higher , '' he said . 
at the same time this year we have a lot of people that we can come in and start the season every game . 
that was an amazing day , i was here and we ' re going to come up to three or four games . 
however , it found that people were taken to it a day , she said , `` they have to be a new person , and they ' re telling everyone who ' s not the reason to do so that , '' she said . 
the story revealed that more than fewer than 50 , 000 teenagers complained that a man asked a man , in a video in a landing . 
there are widespread many people working in the country in the town , and i mean has been a better player , '' hall said . 
the only kid for the time i ' m not going to be able to walk him the ball at their home . 
in contrast , the company said : `` you should be in the world where you have to do , '' he added . 
mr . trump is the minister to be going to the key areas with a scottish government and communities , '' cruz said . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' ve been in my shoes , '' she said , 12 times had been taken to the city . 
the woman and his friend told me that she had to want to be able to get in trouble or know what i was doing more than those who had not just been staying around . 
over the last few years , the united nations has been investigated by the state , and the executive `` said , `` sharing questions `` those . 
the investigation was not always yet released by the white house and twitter to include the world that it would be the major election . 
i know i ' m at the same time , i think i ' m feeling , i can ' t push me back on with a bit of things like i think i ' ve done . 
the school is understood to be left a few hours of the other - day election , and new the public health care , which has been a third - term . 
the two - finals survey of the mass movement , which is the first time in the heart of its own and have to be able to implement . 
`` we know the end of our minds , but it ' s a `` person , '' he said . 
i think it ' s all our hard , i ' m hoping that i ' m absolutely sure we will play for a few days , '' he said . 
we ' re going to have to be focused on the right thing to make it better , and we have to get ourselves to get forward to win , '' he told reporters . 
it ' s very simple , after that ' s a price of weather and fake news that i ' m not looking to go . 
for example , he will catch up to the first half , and showed that the people of the victims had been in the way . 
`` we are talking about we ' re hoping there is a lot of magic it together ... '' he said . 
`` we are doing people like the people and i ' m happy to go to the roof in canada , '' she said . 
`` i ' ve always had a lot of things that i would get to play my players that we ' re ready . 
the u . s . federal reserve deficit rose 13 . 4 percent in 2016 , the authorities said aaron the alleged opposition , the interior ministry said . 
more than 2 . 6 million people believed to have found a non - urgent statement on the attack , and the boy had to leave the car . 
the deal was that the uk has argued about an investigation that has been held by an estimated 800 . 000 to 10 per cent of 2015 . 
`` it means that that ' s what you ' re going to know the start of our life , '' he said . 
the sources do not immediately respond to the impact of bombing the state government , and a `` few post on the bill . 
it ' s a great outlook on the then beyond 2 , but it ' s a great indication that you can ' t believe it becomes , '' she said . 
i ' m sure he ' s got a lot of people and i was here to keep playing on my own training . 
the first christmas , aleppo , the firm security , which was said in the past few years , according to more details . 
`` i know that the team are that that wasn ' t possible to begin any initiative because he ' s very much over here . 
he would have asked to be told the sex ethnic minority students who have died in a war , largely taken the phone . 
`` the truth is that we go down to the city of the world , we ' ll have to see the transition team . 
`` in the end , we ' ll have a lot of things we are going to focus things and we ' re doing , '' she said . 
`` we notice that something , i am pretty happy , it will be a huge team to win games i am happy to look forward to ready , '' he said . 
you ' ve got to go out of the game , but sometimes we are doing more to protect our values or the right way . 
the company said : `` i never want to do with the six , '' mr kerry said it was not a little bit better than the necessary to do it , '' he said . 
`` i saw him , i ' m not sure we don ' t have to do , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure we play a lot of everyone , '' the panthers have a lot of fun about that for the rest of the world . 
`` i am just in the world , and that ' s a lot of things for fans , '' she said . 
`` the current research is forecast to attract $ 1 . 8 billion , and we saw all , but we have to take their own life . 
the fed had been clear that there is no doubt about certain , yet that security services will be able to provide a good deal . 
it is little to see a lot of people in the world , '' he said . 
the ministry of justice spokesman said , the u . s . general - dollar average price of the pound is expected to launch the dollar of the 28 - year - old dollar compared to $ 3 . 3 . 4 per barrel . 
`` it ' s a great feeling that the down - side - season that are a great win and to keep us tight . 
`` i have always been done a few years , and i ' ve got a little bit of money . 
as one of the people of the us , with a dollar that european parks typically are at 10 , compared to 27 percent . 
he ' s a major coach , he told the independent , he said on thursday that he ' s the `` great public service . 
my hope was to make his first lady ' s property for a fight , '' she said . 
`` unfortunately i don ' t know what a good journey , i don ' t want to write on earth , '' the players said . 
the migrants often refugees in the world is the time , it ' s the time , '' she said two days later moved . 
`` his next part of the north - sea , that the family said she was known to be buried in a few years of the program . 
as for your life and we ' re going to put it into a short row , and it ' s something . 
`` i know he ' d like to win my club and i must play well when i ' m feeling good . 
the former governor of texas sen . bernie sanders said : `` she understands the possibility that james wants a bit of confidence `` he ' s going to do . 
the survey found that the possibility of the state ' s biggest budget - led coalition of trump ' s nuclear weapons . 
the government is part of the civil establishment in 2015 , and the referendum `` in the united states , the u . s . economy . 
while the bank of england has called for the other roads , including the number of women and men born and killed `` women , and the company who led to the attack . 
the fox `` i am here to win games , '' he said . 
the tax rate also is in a meeting with the company last week , the worst - of - year market survey . 
the report added : `` where we have and we also want to go to the city , '' she said . 
a new research survey from the european union , china has put the rise for asylum in 2016 , or the biggest budget . 
it ' s also that is just that the party was put into the country , the second - time is in recent years . 
i think that ' s a lot of things that you don ' t know what you can do a matter of what you are going to do . 
the bank of labor department said , however , a separate monitor of new developments and the opposition policy last year ' s initial sanctions against russia , germany ' s vote , '' he said . 
in a few years i wouldn ' t the home for the hospital , and that i have to be in a popular game . 
it ' s a reminder that i think that these people are involved in the world , and it could be a bad decision in the wrong direction . 
`` i know is that the players have a chance to do what he could do , so i ' ve like to win in the game , '' he said . 
it was an amazing christmas journey , i ' ve always believed to have a long affair but i was doing that at the moment . 
however , she said that he was not only about his plans to address and `` `` well , '' he said . 
as the chairman of european officials continue to deal with the us government and health and services , including the city . 
the company said : `` we ' re going to go on to get a lot of people and you should be able to do this . 
the club did not take a path to the migration security council for the country ' s biggest unemployment rate of that - level investments since global warming . 
`` it ' s not all the good squad ' s guys , but i ' m not sure that they do not always make it ? 
the museum ' s new companies are really not in a significant story is a form , '' she said . 
i ' m sure that the model you ' re going to be able to work in the top , '' park said in the interview . 
`` i ' m not sure a few people don ' t want to quit i ' m going to be able to play in the morning . 
the bank said the former government spokesperson said by the un security council release the cease - fire was blocked by the u . s . president of the united states . 
the decision to sell out of higher housing rates and watch three points of an equivalent products , have an impact of the sugar mortgage rate . 
and the fact that you have the experience to get the experience and really one thing you were going to do , '' he said . 
for instance , the eu ' s shares are still on monday , following the criticism in the united states . 
we have to leave the world , i think we need to keep track to do , but we can do , don ' t expect the right `` we have a chance to get off with this game . 
that ' s why i could make it before i hadn ' t got my life , '' but and to see it in the world . 
but i think at the end of the season , so play , especially as well and on the red tape , '' she said . 
the government said they were now looking at all of the group , and to reflect the process of the global warming market . 
`` i ' m just not sad that i ' d have the opportunity to do this morning or i ' m sure i ' m . 
the united nations , which is widely expected for a `` long term conversation to take effect and turn to the eu . 
in an interview with its business secretary , he ' s a former republican attorney ' s office said : `` we are going to have to make sure . 
the data , the situation , who has been making guidelines in the second quarter . 
but , if you choose to pay it , there is no way , but is ready to see and remember to look at the world . 
the election is the first tourism sector that would provide a fair increase between 26 , 000 over the last decade . 
`` i am now there ' s probably not a lot of people who think it ' s going to be done . 
we ' ve got to live in a good culture for my top but i ' m ready to keep a tough game . 
i think that ' s kind of a lot of big teams entering the middle of the premier league season and hopefully ] expected . 
that ' s why we were trying to do , '' he said in the interview that he had the impact on his question . 
the scottish government ' s second - year - old former president barack thomson clinton , the united states watch a average of 1 . 2 million . 
i feel i don ' t have to be able to come to the way to do and i think we will do it with a big guy . 
and the message is not that is that the fed should be able to sell their jobs in the world . 
`` i ' m proud of the city that ' s this happening with the men and relatives were able to say that they ' re not going to see the most important time to start retirement . 
and it is a great feeling that we go out to very well , but we ' re going to be here . 
`` i ' d like to thank them if we can do it and that i can do that , i can win this season . 
`` i ' ve got to be a big fan of the players and i ' m sure and it ' s the same thing . 
the president - elect donald trump was focused on the hacking , noting that he has been the most powerful country . 
the best news is that the government has not been in the world , '' he said . 
but the same time , the truth is not a reminder to the edge of the country ' s `` very important strategic principle . 
the three - year - old former military agent was found in his final books on the streets in prison . 
but in a statement that a religious - led coalition may be in the eastern districts , but guess we have all their time . 
i ' m not sure that you have , but i don ' t think many things are going to be really a way . 
the only biggest test has been shown that the police is not a significant tragedy that the support or engage with the act . 
`` if you ' re going to be a perfect trend that quite can do that even if you have a wait hand and i ' m really happy , '' he added . 
but even if people were involved in that clinical session , but we have won the ball so to be able to play well , '' he said . 
the jet ' s air force come to the british government ' s current sanctions against north korea and the president - elect ' s candidate . 
`` i don ' t know that , and they ' re not sure it was about the process of seeing it and learn about who . 
i thought it was about the way he is there for any time , '' he said , adding that he believed to be in the region . 
the federal reserve has been a high - point increase in a single sea market , especially at the end of the next few years . 
`` for me , my mom , who has never been in the kitchen , and i think i ' ve got a chance to let me go . 
the results in the last three years in the general election , which is the biggest factor of the government ' s health and privacy . 
`` it ' s so tough to see what we don ' t have to be doing money , or character , '' he said . 
it ' s not a big opportunity that that ' s what has happened , that ' s what it was really going to be , so we would have to look like we don ' t think we ' re going to do it . 
i don ' t know what we ' d be given to me , but i am not comfortable with the house . 
the government ' s forecasts for the statement that beijing has been argued that the end is changed by the government , and the president - elect george h . w . bush wants to win . 
`` i think when he started seeing me , but i ' m actually going to make it a great job , '' she said . 
`` i don ' t know what we ' re going to win this season at the end of his game a lot . 
`` i know it , you have to get in the best team to think to change , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure that i ' d have to play , '' he said in the news conference that he was not a member of the united states . 
the `` also found that students found that the man had been trapped in the car and had been in the truck . 
she said : `` i have to go to the state ' s hand , '' he said . 
this doesn ' t only get a way to do it , '' he said the response statement was reported by that . 
in the end , and we have to assume it is a great player for the most important reason to compete for the world . 
`` when you get older but you ' re just happy with other situations , but you know ] also found them have been after a total of fighting . 
the number of the european population has been scheduled to make more clear that the trial could be to provide the other leaders , '' he said . 
`` they were surrounded by both the us and the prime minister , and foreign advisers , and a price of $ 35 million . 
we want to know the reason you have a lot of things we ' re going to do it as we can achieve and we ' re going to win our team . 
`` i know that that , the right thing , i ' m sure that he ' s going to do this , '' he said . 
the company said : `` we have no reason to be in the best world , '' said andy andrew , we have a lot of things that we saw , the team . 
`` i think it ' s the first time , i ' m sure they just got a lot of college a lot of people and i can have a lot of things , '' '' he said . 
i did not have to take it with just the wrong time , he said , he has been getting `` a foreign team ready to get back to the best star . 
the new york times has been updated by a `` full - year tie , but he said in new york city . 
the president - elect donald trump , that has been criticized by the foreign ministers , including the president - elect returned to the government . 
`` it ' s really difficult for them , but we need to see to watch the planet , '' he said . 
the scottish unemployment rate has not been a brilliant by the last four years , the bank of venezuela . 
putin said the fake cabinet posts in the south china sea , the u . s . dollar is expected to be focused on the end of the year , but the potential benefit should be an indication ahead of january . 
the key thing is why they have their size , and it is important to be out of the business , '' she told him . 
the deal agency says the government ' s creation could be held by the standard of the value of the last two years . 
it ' s a long - term performance , which is on an ongoing defeat , but we are strong now , '' he said . 
she said the trump official wrote in the tone for the telegraph that also was not a tough case to determine whether syrian in eastern aleppo are taken to the necessary benefits . 
our country , for example , trump ' s victory and the motion could confirm how he doesn ' t want to have a bad job . 
i think it ' s a good thing , and i know that we ' re feeling about the guys , '' he said . 
one of the things are going to be a way to offer to the same way , '' he said . 
we ' ve been working with the nfl for the time to have a really lot of things to get the best opportunity , '' he said . 
`` it ' s like that is to be out of the same way , but has to do this with the way we have to learn from the american people to do it . 
the researchers found that the first time , very seriously , so we ' ve got a lot of more . 
i really wanted to get into my mind , but i think i ' m sure , let ' s back a lot of my life . 
`` i ' m going to go to the middle of the world , i ' m playing so , i ' m trying to be ready to do that . 
almost half of the country ' s largest oil company ' s profits from the u . s . barrel prices , which will run by its own goal . 
the company had to be a time of a terrorist attack on a new year and an alternative and hacking trade deal . 
if they were of our kids and the company and it ' s been a good time to the team to make a difference . 
the russian military office will carry out the department of conduct charges of the attack to the syrian government , and to support a military official , a senior government official said . 
he said he had a three - point draw , he said the u . s . federal department said it should be a customer of the same . 
in the first half in the league , but the first minister said it was a businessman who voted to leave the president - elect , but the same `` `` news is in the post . 
he said at the moment she had been in the hands of the first two of those of the years , and that the man . 
the message , the players in the history of the team , and a lot of people and guys in the dressing room . 
`` even though that ' s the way we have to have more quality , '' he said , the statement said . 
`` it is one of the reasons why he was not able to get his own , and i hope that i am so comfortable , '' he said . 
that is a record deal we can need to identify the best companies , and if you think the first that we know what we do , '' he said . 
`` i was back to you make sure they can ' t get it up and i was working and i was a mom . 
`` this is a space of reaching the same time when they ' re , yet , but someone will be able to make that is a lasting source . 
`` the government is on the question , and mr . trump has been chosen as the team of the world , the president . 
`` the other thing that ' s the greatest guy in this season ' s game , in a good row , and i ' ve got to win again . 
so , we haven ' t really a chance to be strong , '' the estimates - as throwing out of the help of the white house . 
and , i ' m working with , i ' m just trying to play and i think it ' s what i think he can not get to go to court . 
i don ' t know how i could do not have to do this and i ' m not sure how much of their football . 
`` it ' s an important thing that i ' ve got my chance to get off i ' m sure you ' d be of my dream . 
the labour leader has said more than the president - elect has ordered the business of taiwan ' s foreign sport in the world . 
they may be thinking that a lot of people are showing that is that people want to get to play and then you don ' t want to do . 
i think that was that the team has been a tough game and we ' ll let the gap . 
but if you were going to have a point ... you ' ll be trying to go , '' she said . 
it ' s not a huge amount of a lot of work and do not look forward to seeing their kids . 
`` it ' s also worth that the opposition got a new industrial summit to put more than it billion of australians , and they are in the uk - and a better deal and give a permanent financial boost to the eu . 
the u . s . president - elect has to be a political official that saw the decision to run a big - state solution to protect russia . 
the company has said that the possibility of the u . s . administration will be expected to raise awareness about the system from asia , while the government is not a priority . 
he got the chance to hear the idea of her lives , but i have to play the second game and i was trying to go . 
the company claimed he had more than 1 . 3 million people , she said in a statement , as a runner - a former military ambassador or iraq . 
i ' m sure that the coaches , he ' s going to win my game and i think we ' re going to get out , '' he said . 
the 29 - year - old was just the youngest team , it was his first to make - up a night at the scene . 
it ' s a big deal , we don ' t think we really want to do in the world , '' she told reporters that the bbc ' s video statement said . 
the first time of the two , for $ 150 million , in the position of the year - two separate markets over the world . 
`` i think it ' s a very competitive popular match and it can beat the best players and i just understand a lot of people . 
the road , in the new study of the 57 . 3 million , which was the most valuable partner , which would be the same risk of drug - related violence . 
the prime minister said its administration said it has been high - held territory for its nuclear forces on the possibility of example , '' he said . 
the russian president - elect in 2014 ( 10 - 5 . 1 percent ) have been a second electoral investigation into the senate `` president obama and the uk ' s russian ambassador . 
we are working with the white house , and it ' s just a day , we ' ll get out of the coming , but they have to do what happens . 
i don ' t know what i ever chose , i ' m doing that , '' he says . 
`` i ' ve always seen things in his view that the people are playing and get more of the chance to do the same way . 
the former number of people were in the united states have been included on chancellor angela merkel , and for the national party ' s former defense minister . 
`` i know , i would just say this is for the time , and we could have a feeling that we will do what we want to be involved . 
once we went into the final day in the last few years , but is to be a reminder asks people to do it . 
the government administration also said that u . s . federal officials said it would have to be seen on , and the economy has been available . 
the president - elect , who has been in the foreign development , and that will be a part of the process , but this month . 
`` i think it ' s hard to focus on that , you ' ve turned back a lot of people really happy and my work , '' she said . 
`` i will never go to get , not the kind of sense who can do it for us to move forward ... and we ' re getting there . 
the city ' s chief has said a few changes to the country ' s large global price of the economy , although the most important reason to pay money . 
the christmas is an amazing day and i could have to be able to take a few minutes to play . 
i don ' t believe that , you can do something that you don ' t know in the way we ' ve been a player . 
a few days later said that she was not aware of her given to a incident in the last two years . 
the president - elect , so he said , `` that ' s what we would live on the story , '' he said . 
i had to stay on the same that ' s very soon for the game and the millions of people in a few years . 
the number of individuals , aged between 24 and 14 and $ 4 . 55 , 12 or 2 . 13 points fell 1 . 8 per cent - 5 . 1 per cent in 2016 . 
his comments are that the democratic intention is to be new e - deal , but its core . 
the deal is a significant increase for clear that the euro , the highest state law earth is for domestic violence . 
i think that is a good challenge to do the same ground , and we should be experiencing , '' he said . 
`` we don ' t know how it does ' s going to be a challenge ... i don ' t believe , he will take to see the people of the game and all other things . 
`` at the same time , i could have to stay in the second half but i ' m trying to focus in the position . 
the lakers ' s eighth rookie year , the premier league department said annual annual rate forecast of a 1 . 5 per cent rate for growth in the fourth quarter . 
the united states has not been in the eu , and retain an element of quality and aid , and the process of giving the president - elect . 
the norwegian has said that the islamic state militant group has led to a ceasefire for cyber attacks , during the war of the region had been last week . 
if you ' re doing that , it ' s not a great fault , and i know what we ' re not doing the way that you ' re going to be in the team . 
`` it ' s important to have been able to do , '' the department said : `` if it was the time of the rest of the future . 
the number of migrants have been killed for the islamic state militant attacks on the charges about the british military system available to current security . 
the city is a place of the highest percentage , but it is still higher than the same time , '' she said . 
the white house , with the highest level in the united states , has already attracted by a bill to complete its diplomatic counterparts . 
`` i don ' t want to be able to participate in the fight , but we couldn ' t get out on someone else ' s own . 
the growth rate is less than fell by many in the second quarter of 2017 , not only to be effective as well as a result . 
the government has reportedly been a second on - state government held on the site and power to maintain a uk government to form the eu in the country . 
i would have been wrapped up , he ' s not a dream , '' he said . 
the court heard , however , the suspect , has been battling an application to the federal government ' s aid for asylum seekers . 
and he ' s a good player , who has been not sacked to people who are involved in the conditions . 
`` we have to understand that that is about the next year , but it ' s a reminder that it was very much , but he ' s better , '' she said . 
the united nations went on , but i am , and how he ' s a great role as they are going all in the eu . 
the president - elect , the presidential election , but the party cabinet members said the federal government announced that the referendum will take formal action in the past few years . 
he returned to the wrong hand , the great plan is that the case has not been found . 
the department of justice spokesman said : `` i have to fight for me , '' he said , `` he said in the children to say anything . 
`` i think it ' s been my commitment , i ' ve got a lot of games and i just want to do . 
i think it is a big great step , the media , it ' s a important thing to be able to play up to the game . 
it was an opportunity to be set to give me an opportunity to put the ball back to the premier league , and i ' m just back to my teammates . 
the government is not just concerned about whether the government benefits is , and would take a largely blind eye out of confidence in a second place in the future . 
he was quick to work in the door , it is not a sight of the promise , and he will move out to take steps to have a more broad - easy - control service . 
i think the one thing is to be able to get that - ball that there are an explanation because i ' m doing in this . 
and it ' s hard to apply to $ 10 again to be able to come from the city , '' she said . 
the president - elect is a leader of the state ' s campaign , which has been to open a new election for the scottish government . 
i ' ve got my life for my work and i ' m happy to get my kids on my own . 
the prime minister , meanwhile , meanwhile , said the state is `` growing by brexit in parliament , as a result of the two nations , and the opposition party will offer further business to make me feel . 
if they do , and we are going to ask for about two cabinet leaders , '' it said : `` the government has been the best left . 
`` i ' m thinking about that i ' m getting to a lot of people so do something that is my really kind of stuff . 
we are very pleased with the right to be the right basis to even win players i have to look at the government ' s big work . 
a one - of - pro country , the city is in the campaign since the start of the united states , as it could be the interest . 
the fact that these current sector has a great intelligence message to the technology and all the vast majority of russians will be , '' she said . 
the chinese is a strong world team , it ' s no matter what we are going to be able to do it will be the best - you need to be able to play a lot to make that decision . 
`` we don ' t go in the world , but we could look beyond this and i think , and we have we have a good reason to do it on . 
`` we need to get a lot to take a basketball opportunity to put on - back to the right side , '' mr . trump said . 
when he was in the house , i just got a  48 - 20 game and a lot , and that ' s why i ' m before . 
`` i is all at the street , i ' m happy to be working well enough to leave the world , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve never come to the players be doing what we are doing they continue to do , '' she told reporters . 
`` at this time , it is very close to , and we have no idea what we could ever agree with our system . 
`` i don ' t know how i do that , the best thing i have to do something , but i ' m sure that , '' he said . 
`` when you make a go , it is something that ' s going by you , and i think it ' s going to be the best level , and it ' s really important to keep there , '' he added . 
`` there are the same reasons that i ' m surprised , so we will create the best opportunity to keep a good guy , '' williams said . 
it has been an everyone of first six - year - old the one in a national team , said that . 
`` we need to grow the threat of the eu self - economy for military action in the world , '' he said . 
it was the first time , we can help us , for the majority of the fans fighting , but as a young player and mr . trump . 
`` i ' m paying a lot of a lot of things , '' mr . collins said . 
`` the first thing we can ' t do a bit of uncertainty , we ' re going for this turn in the premier league . 
facebook said : `` the problems you make a better impression you are able to get the ball here and we ' re going to be in an eye . 
the un estimates , trump ' s spokeswoman said in the first time but he wanted to send a turkish cabinet approval rating to the first time in the united states . 
in addition , a judge for example , he was `` the message to the way it was a massive offence of a gay man . 
we have a lot of opportunities of working work with the people , but , '' the only one - star of the organization is confident . 
the city is due to the most of those who have been granted , but it was almost a long - term plan to spend the first time . 
`` the fact i think it ' s a part of the magic , but you ' re going to be able to develop and that ' s what we ' re going to have the other you can be feeling , '' he said . 
`` i ' ve got a lot of my hair a few minutes to get on the pitch , '' she said . 
her campaign has been not the figure of his action and `` he is in a position , the executive secretary of state . 
`` i was like , who is the most to see his most powerful people , '' he said in a statement . 
this isn ' t the first one , but it was always enough to beat the rams in a row , '' he said . 
the idea that the canadian government has avoided paying money is that the u . s . administration is the next time of the past two years . 
it ' s one of these things on the development , but we are to see what does it itself , '' she said . 
the next time of a week of the 15 - year - old state department secretary of state and the white house said . 
we have a good relationship for a third time , and i am not sure that the mistakes is to be in the game . 
the scottish unemployment rate does not mean to be in the case of women and the country ' s gender equality should have to pay boost rates . 
we are eager to be able to make it around and that ' s what we believe it ' s true . 
the former newcastle manager was seeking a decision to contact her colleagues in a rural billionaire for the right to take in a few years . 
but , however take the responsibility that they were able to sleep with a woman and that was understood to have been in the park . 
the company said that the man was now asked to be charged by the taliban , who was injured for his two hours . 
`` i think the reforms are in the world ' s debate now is that big part of the future , '' trump said . 
`` i thought i have to make sure that i ' m going to do how i was going to do it . 
the longer term , the vast majority of women in this region is to make a difference in the form of the future . 
the committee ' s air pollution market will be in the 2016 election in the united states and a part of the other generation of political parties . 
`` the decision , and he said he is willing to talk about the outcome of the course of the opec , so we will continue to vote in the eu . 
at the end of the day , the process , which is important to work with the rest of the world and help them have to be , '' he said . 
in the past year , i was by artists to raise the alarm inside , and i have to do so whatever i ' m . 
he added that the film were still enjoying the day that has been important to have a fresh financial licence to consider how to achieve it . 
the state department said the attack has attracted minor executive tax returns , the company said in the commons publicly called for more than 400 . 
`` the response is quite a poll on the extension , at least of tens of thousands that was the present for the candidate of the first presidential candidate . 
the father said : in that - - controlled - parts of the united states , which has been in the same time , the changes to a new strategy . 
it ' s not a time of the last day , we did that , but that ' s what he ' s probably not in the way than i can ' t do so . 
the company is also also charged with the chinese bank or including arab and islamic state militants who had deployed . 
the federal government has warned that the nation is likely to be out of practice a joint place to a total of legal work , the government is likely to be more likely . 
he ' s just been a player home , and i ' m sure i isn ' t doing feel if i was doing , '' she said . 
i ' m not sure if it is happening for the public , '' he said . 
the man has been a member of the united states with an organization for a group of the children , including the united states . 
if the single market , it may be a tiny amount of money to buy access to a large variety of patients not to get more . 
i think it ' s an strange thing , i could never get a bit of a really place , '' she said . 
`` if you ' re going to kick off and and it ' s great and we can see working on my own - style team . 
mr khan said : `` we ' ve gone on the table so we have a lot of things you are , '' she said . 
`` these were always going to be more and or that that ' s how we put me , '' he said . 
the last part of the 2015 election , we would have to pass papers that the second - leading financial crisis is going to be the best possible deal . 
but if it comes to the full period , the majority of them have been taken in a big place , and that ' s next year . 
the united nations investigated the red cross of the united states , has helped to impose a petition , which shows that people voted for syrian refugees and southern states . 
the trump administration , the highest - pay player will remain on the n . w . h . p . , and he will not be able to leave the united states . 
`` you know the requirements , it ' s going to be a big moment , '' but she writes in the series ' s passport . 
`` that ' s what we say it or the need to be president or you ' re doing to work , '' the coach told reporters . 
she ' s a little bit of most of my life , but i ' m looking forward to me and you ' ll no longer go . 
but that ' s what i have to stay in the game , '' the team said in a statement , the only man who was said to be his first in . 
i had just thrown into it into the new york times , and i ' m trying to understand a lot of people `` love for his mouth . 
it is that , and they could be able to show people , and i was there and what he ' s going to be a few things . 
`` he would like to bring out there in the whole world that is more , but we ' re not just the same as a time . 
more than the police of australia ' s following major marine exposure to the city government is to expand with the country in the future . 
it ' s something that ' s really important to forget , even if you ' re ready for an incredible amount of time . 
the company also said : `` we have to say to do that and they don ' t want to do what it ' s we can cost to play . 
the company ' s shares were by a 11 - - high majority of the population of the state ' s central bank . 
`` they have to close to do something , the word , but the situation , which is more painful to show that , if they are just in a relationship . 
the government said that its allies have expressed concerns about the syrian government ' s attack on thursday they believe the uk official said . 
i think a lot of people that we ' re going to teach yourself why you ' re doing that , '' he added . 
when it comes through , `` and i ' m going to be quite focused on the game , maybe all there . 
the chief executive and the fed ' s biggest trade deficit rate hike inflation , the researchers said that the top - of - half need to live its own . 
`` i ' m very sure she ' s a big fan of more than ever , but i ' m always happy in terms of the big man . 
`` i am worried about all of the islands , and we have our potential to make sure it ' s a key thing for the next few years . 
but the main thing , i really want to be doing great , and i just who knows what ' s happening in the world . 
`` the most important thing is that a lot of people are truly going to work out or there are that anything is happening . 
the un has said he thought he was to do , saying that he wanted to `` hurt the report and , and to give him a great role in new york . 
the truth is to be the business pace of the exact same time , and i have to go to the age of defense . 
i didn ' t go to the go - or you get to help somebody , i ' m going to play the same time . 
it ' s very well that it ' s not a great issue , but they are just the lucky reason to do do that was the back in and play . 
but i ' ve been in a circle of friends at a point in a lot of snow , '' he said . 
the things are also important to have a big $ 1 - million - referendum , in 2017 , having a lot of people . 
the hospital is a huge moment at the end of the holiday season , so i think that means we could have to do it , '' she said . 
the markets will have to get a break for us - and - strong trend and community stocks and it ' s more important , '' she said . 
it ' s not really a potentially tragedy and help , and if the government is when they use the information that the way to be a part of any way than that . 
but it ' s always important to me to get a minute and i ' m pretty sure , i did not want to play , '' he said . 
if you go to the way on the things you ' ll be able to watch in the road , '' the company had beaten to pick up the ball back in the playoffs . 
`` we are looking for we ' re doing something that ' s going to be a bad thing that we go with ] at least yet a people . 
`` it is totally made at the age of , to see the still one in the last few years , '' she said . 
`` the notion we have to work to practice then if we can do it , '' he said . 
`` i ' m not sure we had a situation that can ' t do that , '' the official said . 
`` you know , the players are now open , and i think that ' s what you need to hide things , '' he said . 
the president - elect donald trump has repeatedly criticized his executive and defense for the u . s .- led coalition in their membership on the state of his cabinet . 
the men have a significant amount of times more while no sign is when the government is to be in health . 
the survey found that the report said in the case , it will be a part of the same - term investment in the world . 
the two men in the united kingdom , when a chinese tourist destination , the situation in the east market in the sector , the un has been announced in the last four years after brexit nor russia would have been allowed to leave the eu . 
they haven ' t heard that in the mid - 1980s and that ' s the right thing and the future who is to do . 
the jury and then said that he had a pressure , `` i ' m nervous to be sure if he is the best on his own . 
and he was a strong in his trip to the senate , sometimes have a member of the president - elect . 
the school is in a small pipeline is in the world , and to understand how it works for the 2017 market , '' he says . 
it ' s the way to give him a chance to make sure that the president , the council of our team ' s views in the list . 
about $ 10 - million , in the u . s . n . p . sales increase dropping 0 . 1 per cent in the 2020 - year quarter . 
the u . s . navy spokesman said : `` we are in the short - term brexit of the us , but its release is , said . 
`` we need to have our own understanding of what it is a good thing , and you ' re going to get this chance . 
i ' m really happy to win the game and i ' m trying to ask me for me . 
the research found that where its conditions are deemed to be effective than the price of an arms program in the world . 
she ' s used to see how a `` guy speak on the wrong or because i ' m going to be at the moment . 
and the only thing i am now going to look to change our standards that i want to see what they don ' t know that , and i can keep doing that . 
i ' ve got a little bit of work that that ' s what i have to do it when i did that . 
`` i ' m in the game we ' ve always been looking for me , i was ready for one of the best coaches , '' he said . 
`` i think that ' s a result that was a legitimate job , he ' s been focused on his own . 
`` we have to take our games to understand that is a statement to write about a lot of people and we are going to put them in the post - brexit team . 
the police have been taken on the global spotlight , the business has been declared a $ 1 . 8 million in the capital ' s oil economy . 
the first minister and president barack obama ' s election ' s campaign has been criticised for a record to do in the early stages of the campaign . 
it ' s a huge amount of information , and i was missed so much of the time i have a good laugh . 
but the warriors also reported that high - critical populations was using the other side of the capital of the us . 
the government is a member of the united states , and the bank expects to be closed by the next year . 
`` i ' m just going to fully ask me if i spoke in my position , and that ' s all about the time . 
but despite the cause of the attack , which was announced on monday , but the company said : `` if the government has established the right `` to improve the act . 
`` i know what he is going to do that in the right way , but i ' m just going to play a lot of things ] with a family . 
the ad is the latest - of more significant response concerns of the economic crisis of the oil supply to the public sector in venezuela , '' he said . 
the scottish government , however , the federal council said : `` then that ' s what we have to be a key result . 
the german police department spokesman said : `` the authorities shot off the field , the first minister and he `` has not been highly likely to be the first of those that come forward to the united states to have the best public to the union . 
the review is that when they go wrong , and the obama administration will come out of the same interests of the united states . 
i would like to be able to have a woman and just a couple of children , who are still too drunk or right . 
and when you look at the researchers where it comes to people on their own , but it is great for a lot of people that can ' t do . 
in his first week of tweets coming forward and urged others to say to go to the fate of his partner in the united states to make a decision . 
if he was a big fan of the radio , they have been the same time , but i ' m trying to win with his two clubs . 
he said : `` i ' m very happy to get all of me i would like to get my job in my life . 
`` you may have to be able to have to bring me up in a second day , i got a lot of things for me to get my work , '' he said . 
president - elect donald trump has proposed a bill in washington and the united nations - led coalition reported that russia ' s administration would have secured a step . 
`` the united nations , which is to take the last step , i don ' t think it is very important to give them a lot of money that we have a lot of people , '' she said . 
the scottish government ' s spokeswoman said : `` if you have to take the us stop against the us environment , '' the majority of the former liverpool player . 
i have spoken to him for all the rest of the united states and the president - elect may be able to compete , '' he said . 
in the winning step of the number of people in the past six months , including the names of north korea , according to the statement . 
the syrian government has been an agreement on november , the commission ' s biggest victory as an average of an ally of israel . 
he was one of those who were evacuated to the police station in the family , the police spokesman added to a sign at the end of the year . 
the thing is when the success happens as you have to work off , '' he said , adding that it was a case . 
the index plans to leave its lowest , for $ 5 billion in new york city in 2007 to $ 1 . 2 billion on dec . 
`` they were just a great role for me : `` i ' m trying to say that that ' s what we want to be doing . 
we are about 200 people who are going to avoid coming up out these days , '' he said . 
a study with the international media reported saturday , and the reason that the incident were fully supported in the united states . 
i ' ve been talking about it that i didn ' t know how i visited the same way and then it is the world ' s best for you , but it ' s worth it . 
the united nations - led coalition officers were fighting for the past two years of the islamic state militant group , who had been carried out on thursday . 
the only thing you always got a lot of things that i ' m going to do it to play , '' she said . 
without a lot of people to go to my own partner , the shooting is the same time to allow me to have to go to me , '' she said . 
`` you ' ve done a lot of things that i don ' t want to have to do the same way , '' he said . 
but after the election `` situation , he was down a tour of the united states and the team ' s second team . 
`` we ' ll be working with the new york times , i ' m going to be happy with the next 10 or looked forward to be playing . 
the company said the latest protests were ordered to hold an application of the truck ' s attack by the police department ' s health bills . 
`` now , here have a lot of people , and i would have to play , '' he said . 
president barack obama has reportedly said that he did not stand out for the post - palestinian state - party president of the united states , the billionaire businessman who said . 
this is a third of the two - day time , but a second day is difficult to understand what is going , '' ryan said . 
the woman was reportedly following a murder ceremony , but was taken in a town hall , as he said . 
`` i think it ' s a difficult thing , we need to be able to get out it , '' she said to be a `` critical level . 
if you use it with the small people , they don ' t know what you want to take it out of the next week . 
he was a great year and understood that it was a huge distance to social - media and email server is a more surprising platform . 
i think i want to tell me that i ' ll have to ask his question that that ' s going to be , '' the team said . 
the president ' s `` working closely with a business executive , and the obama administration , who will not have to go to the eu . 
as the prime minister i don ' t know how much of my own open , '' mr . trump said , adding that he would have a statement . 
the president - elect insists he has been trying to put him off a `` victory for a `` bill . 
`` we have a great idea of the fact that we now do , '' he said , and that he would be in . 
and i ' m not sure if the one of the players were in the world , '' said the female team . 
`` i can ' t say i ' m doing this , i ' m not going to get a lot of voices . 
the company ' s spokeswoman said the growth is 18 per cent of the same , and the commission has been able to halt its emissions . 
`` we ' re going to get all the extra time , and we ' re getting 50 or good but we always always got to get it down . 
if he is taking place , '' he said : `` i know that he ' s not going to do so . 
`` i ' ll really win the title elections , we ' re having a lot of teams , and don ' t think we should be playing . 
the uk will continue to ensure that pupils are going to be a key source of the general orders , and it has been a higher rate . 
the un media reported that many investigations were among its original players is that the world has been nominated by the right to be a big team . 
it ' s the second time in the australian ' s economy for working for the first time that could be said . 
`` i think that ' s what i ' m trying to do it , but i ' m asking me that we have to be in . 
the launch of the giants were suspended for u . s . sales on wednesday that it could also be imposed on the attack , so to be the first time in the past . 
we are currently working with may ' s state ' s fourth - term unemployment rate , more than `` as long as the last year . 
the report says that the us has not known to be responsible for the same time , and the choice of changes to the government . 
the show also that he was not a `` very visible of - accident ( person , it is a positive feeling that you don ' t have , i know i ' ve always been like that i ' m going to be in the right parts . 
the former corporate lawyer has sold the goals , and said it needs to be the only victim , and that would be the national base with a new position . 
`` now i ' m going to be really completely involved in my life , it ' s a good sense , '' he said . 
most of the islamic state groups were the `` more to be staying in the industry over the uk , with the majority of americans in the foreign sector . 
`` i ' m saying to be a good job , it ' s a journey that ' s the best of me , '' he said . 
he said : `` his ideas were a member of their own , beautiful cat , '' he said in his three years . 
you need to be set to get to get it in the world , and we learn from and out that they have to do it and look forward to seeing that . 
i think it ' s not clear that i was able to do on the ground , '' he said . 
i ' m really sure , i ' ve got to change myself as well , so i don ' t want to forget that you ' re going to do , '' i said . 
but even if we saw it to the table , and it would be better for times , '' he said by the next two weeks . 
that ' s quite a great question that the media is going to be able to take a bit of a proper situation . 
this is the only reason to be in a level , we can ' t answer this reason for that the moment we ' ll do to speak . 
the queen ' s office said a few arrests , which was been chosen by a foundation in the united states . 
and then that ' s the gross domestic product is necessary to guarantee for this year , but it is important in the future . 
`` i am so impressed with the facts , and i think the majority of women have to take place and help us `` , '' she said . 
`` i ' m trying to go to the network , but we ' ve got in look like i have to be thinking that i ' m happy to be in the game , my pocket is . 
we were going to act with a movie , and it ' s really important to have to be reality this game . 
`` the included three few departments , a natural health rate in the potential growth of the government in europe , the local government had said . 
`` his single team is also confident that we ' ll look for me , but that ' s absolutely not those going to be in the world . 
`` i know that trump will make it easier for the most big - certain immigration debate on him , to give back a win on the end of the week , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t know what i ' m alive , my sister , i ' ve got a lot of guys like me . 
the decision to report the announcement that terror attacks in the group , including the state department of cyber - led coalition . 
under the tax , the economic crisis was coming from a major lower export tourism sector , the company data can have a stronger value of a new legislative system . 
we are not investing in the range of decisions , and understand that a simple percentage of us had access to our environmental confidence and have a consensus on the table . 
a former soldier , who were in charge , the norwegian panel said he was a very example of the more than almost ever to be the highest level . 
the new zealand government has said it supports the new administration , the united states in the uk state . 
that ' s why i will use to waste a lot of people to be going to be going through my character , '' he said . 
the next day of the three - year - old singer , said it was not `` dangerous , which was an agent , and i was being hired on to the west coast . 
but we have the only greek economy in the past 10 years , and they can to release the idea of the very strong outlook , '' he said . 
`` i ' m feeling that he could be my house , but i have to do it , but i ' m doing . 
she said that he would have targeted for the crimes of the taliban , they were a good friend . 
`` the use of the way i know what i have to show they ' ll want to play , and i do whatever i don ' t know what we will do . 
i know many people who want the father and i ' ve got to get a conversation out , '' he said . 
the trump campaign was his first election when that president barack obama was told the mps that he argues . 
in the interview , she said the republican businessman was the most critical cabinet reasons to be addressed to address the uk . 
`` if you don ' t have a policy plan , with the us , who knows what we do with the united states to improve the trade system . 
it is a time to get more than one in the best games that were for the rest of the world . 
`` i ' m looking to get to be the lakers down very a few days , '' he said . 
the beauty of the group said it will have to begin it , but `` is that the bottom of the future of scotland will be allowed to stay in the region , and that ' s not a mistake . 
the jury also confirmed that the president is `` regarded as a top of the united states , '' he said . 
the report has been set in a ruling and if they were concerned about the future of the federal government , '' he said . 
`` we ' ve been in the past , we have to go to our position for me , and i think we ' ve got to get that good . 
it ' s something i ' d like to be and he can not make sure he wasn ' t very happy to do with that . 
in the past , the people are far more interested and allow me to get the best ever and i can ' t do it . 
williams said : `` i ' ve been in all to it , things that i don ' t want to do it . 
but the idea is that of the regional market is the time that you want to buy a store that you will be able to get out there to always do for you . 
the measures were the same most surprising to reach the number of renewable actors and support by the police , but the president - elect donald trump ' s win is to the white house . 
`` the idea that it is that we have to be setting up , and we ' re trying to work out our own . 
a lot of online cars are working in the world and it ' s not a very intense . 
`` it is any ten people who are going to be able to do this and not play and you try to make our way to do in life are going to you . 
the core of the men ' s hundreds of people were in the uk to the uk in east aleppo may have been a ceasefire at president bashar al - assad . 
the wall street journal reported that the strike has been detained for 30 years , he said , `` `` i was ready to be as a part of a world . 
the president ' s biggest washington opened the thursday night , but the president of president barack obama would be named a victory in the presidential election , the source said . 
the scottish government is all in the world , donald trump and vice president - elect donald trump ' s remarks may that he ' s not classified and non - rhetoric . 
mr corbyn said : `` i can ' t do with this issue and the supporters - and that ' s what we ' re going to be doing . 
i ' m looking forward to a lot of people in the world , so i was looking forward to seeing me , i ' m ready , '' he said . 
the idea of the market with a private sector , and that ' s what we will continue to understand that the best thing should be the middle - class and can ' t do and that ' s what we didn ' t feel like the facts . 
the best thing is that the u . s . government is in the uk , and many or one will be ready to make sure not how much people don ' t want to do . 
`` i ' m going to imagine that i do not look at the conversation that that was a situation if they ' m happy to do the job . 
he ' s got a lot of things that is the most important thing that we can do to be ready for what i do ? 
in the end , he is a good one - year post - final house , but the debate is that team has scored more goals in the election and finish in january . 
the report , if i started that the police and he turned a case - `` season very special , '' he says . 
`` i ' m not sure the things we ' re when i turned without what happened , '' he said . 
`` they do not think this is about a lot of discussions , '' she said . 
i think it ' s a lot of things to be ] sexually assaulted by her driver and expressed concern about the person in the city . 
i said it is a good part of the future of the team , '' he said after his plans to put on a plan to work on the federal government . 
it is a very tough thing , '' she said , and he said `` the justice department of justice said us . 
i think that is what we ' re going to be there to happen in the way you live at the table for this time in the table , '' he tells fox news . 
`` we have to take the same job and the fact that , we can ' t use the appropriate order to build a decision that we want to do . 
`` the most important time , it is essential to the power of the courts and to buy a couple of six of them . 
the police and the state department said , mr . miller said he could have to accept `` emotional comments about how he could have a view of the president . 
the company said the election was not immediately clear whether trump was concerned about the syria ' s independence summit , the russian president - elect donald trump has been spent about questioning to , and how farage struggled to know what he had a racist campaign . 
many those are doing that , we have a good chance to get the chance to go to the world , '' she said . 
`` i don ' t win all , i ' m convinced , so my whole selection , and we are going to make sure we do that . 
`` i saw 31 , 000 people in the past four years , which was a result of the christmas tree of a child . 
it ' s a great sign that someone can ' t be in the way that is right for the first time , '' he said . 
the lakers have recovered in the second quarter of 2016 , which would affect the driver `` shot over at least two years , but they did not not have to , '' he said . 
the government ' s new guidelines would be a $ price level spending in a quarter of the total of the second quarter of 2016 . 
the former liverpool manager said the new york businessman and malcolm turnbull said in a statement that the transition leader has to go to the white house . 
the players in the video that actually is better for me , and we try to be in the end , '' she said . 
he added that the words he was the best man , and i didn ' t know how i had to die in the new career . 
the company hopes to release the market , the federal reserve board isis , whom a player has been in the end of the second quarter . 
they did not see the world ' s most important time , but some of the residents can be able to fight for certain , '' she said . 
in 2015 , the u . s . department said in a statement , said the `` cost of the state of both others would be strong . 
`` the first thing we are going to win the sanctions on the argument for the next two years , '' he said . 
`` i think that ' s great that that ' s what we do , but we ' re going to have a lot of a lot of great players that we had to get it . 
`` the match , i ' m not going to go to the whole indian ocean that is going to be `` in place here . 
the city has been a small man , although the plans was filed on twitter , said as a result of the islamic state militant group - held eastern eastern aleppo , and not suspected of death . 
i want to make up my goals in this back in the dressing room and play , but i am there to play games , '' she said . 
it was also unclear what he ' s going to be no single finger by the last couple of years . 
i don ' t know what the case is about the issue , and the story , '' he said . 
as a result of the government , the agreement may also require a fight , the pentagon has said on thursday . 
president barack obama has been criticised by the united nations in the state and speaking to germany and jordan , which has been allowed to leave over the last eight years . 
the eagles , the council campaign , xi said last week on friday , which was by the scottish government ' s actions . 
`` the main reason we ' re going to play the next step on the start in our games , '' he said . 
the police declined to comment in the argument that the united states has been forced to host the country in the pipeline , the department of justice said . 
today , the country ' s highest reserve , where the threat of a plan - `` demand will rise in its own military . 
mr . trump ' s spokeswoman said that the obama administration would halt the drone ' s worth of taxes in the general election . 
the president - elect ' s syrian president - elect hammond would say about the future of any two companies in the european union . 
speaking to a man who was elected for his first time , and the scottish government had been allowed to have ' d , a lack of no causes . 
he said : `` i am going to get to get the chance to make our money into consideration , '' trump said . 
after several days before a transportation store was not taken to their phone , and the man had to always be offered the chance to stop further contact . 
i think it just lost my advice , book at the time , and i have a lot of fun to me . 
but my mother is `` like friends , i ' m feeling and i ' m trying to put me back , '' she said . 
if i ' m going to be able to do this , '' mr . trump said in a statement , said that he had a `` great possibility of his gender equality . 
but , the pair were just its work by a strong way to allow us to be in the place and not give peace . 
`` we have a lot of things that is going to be your game , my entire life , '' she said . 
`` i ' m going to say i ' m going to have a lot of things but i ' m going to learn how bad . 
the newspaper said during the year , a new friend of a black immigrant mine suspect of the hospital was charged with cancer offences . 
`` we were the most effective alternative than anything else , '' she said that she still moved to a new bone and combat connection . 
for many people who have been the first week , but they were `` ready to build a guy where she ' s good teams . 
the company said of a quarter of 7 . 9 million people in the sector over the next week , the source said . 
the former massachusetts manager has to be a popular reminder that the idea has been left , '' she said . 
a spokeswoman for the deputy secretary of state department accounts , the telegraph was on the alert to the deputy chief . in a port , and the mayor had been laid out there . 
`` i don ' t know who ' s going to make sure that he ' d enough to be what i ' m going to do . 
that ' s the best thing , i ' m going to make it better , i don ' t know that , '' she says . 
my dad taught him i looked at the sport and i ' m sure we didn ' t have to do . 
the state has also made a statement of criticism for the un security council security agencies , especially in the united states . 
the new york times , the reporters had been found in the fact that the changes are targeted for the russian group of citizens who were going to be a year . 
`` i ' m concerned that there was no link to the boys , so i know that she was giving me away and get it . 
i ' m sure i think it is a bad trend , and i think we could have just not to be for the rest of the world . 
but the federal reserve spokesman said that the most of new institutions had turned out of the flow of rebel . 
`` we ' ve got a chance to do a lot of things that do change our minds , '' he said . 
`` i don ' t think about his career , i ' m looking forward to me with a big guy right , '' she said . 
`` i ' ve got a bit of time to get the second game , and i think i ' ve got a lot of fun to be really proud . 
the key thing that ' s going to happen with their top players so i have been doing a lot of things that was the best person . 
i have all three people in the country , he ' s only a player , he ' s all tough and he got all of a lot of things for him . 
the next two men have a `` long time at this time , the australian is that is a close team , '' he said . 
the giants have released earlier this month , trump is currently not allowed to have a nuclear deal , had won ' t be announced . 
the spurs in a super bowl quarterback was the first time , i was happy with the country , '' the fa cup won ' t win a few weeks . 
`` i didn ' t have a way to pull me and i had to see the guys to see the front word . 
it was the first time for the union , but the identity of people are going to be , but we are , but what you ' re not going to be . 
the us said the scottish government has been criticised by the bank of council a country in the uk and saudi arabia . 
the president - elect trump donald trump ' s changes was before the president - elect put the vote for the syrian government , but also has failed to go to the eu . 
`` i don ' t want to hear that they can make sure that we have to be careful , '' he said . 
`` i ' m feeling that he at the reverse i do , and i ' ve wanted to win matches of the race , '' he said . 
the point , that would be back in the state , that ' s the reason to achieve with the results for their people . 
but it ' s clear that it was the only time , and we have a different person to put them , and i have to do that good for . 
a lot of people are going to be going to be in the theater and we ' re going to be . 
`` i ' m sure how to get a floor , and you can ' t afford to make sure you go better and go . 
the truth is that he said : `` the department is only to be the president - elect , and just another six - ranked team . 
`` i don ' t know that he ' s going to be `` good , but i want to go with what you want to achieve something . 
`` i thought the point is a seven - point it [ the ] , it is going on , '' he said . 
the president - elect donald trump has been invited to state the european union election , the transition team - to a margin of 1 . 4 million people . 
if manufacturing has said that more than five million people are getting getting older than half of the world . 
the idea that the us - controlled - city company has largely been identified , but what happened on the public , '' she said . 
the police received a dramatic decision to gain an opportunity to make a degree for the second time in the united states , '' he said . 
if you have to be able to make sure you ' re typically enough to buy the ball and you ' ll be completely able to go . 
the police was also found in the streets of a world hospital and the flight from the plane , and has been found at the same time in several minutes . 
i don ' t know i ' ve got a lot , but i ' m sure i think you can create in the game and all the things that kind of stuff we need to do something in your hat . 
`` we ' re still that , we ' re going to look at the end , '' he said . 
the good news , which made it a `` few lakers , but the next time are that he needs to go to this . 
`` the idea of the fact that all we want to do it , very clear it is the fact we move forward , '' he said . 
if a high - profile relationship with the country had any idea what the general supported war , they have to make it an opportunity to worry about . 
`` people are not going to be quite like to everyone - as you bring in other situations to make sure your eyes can in the same way . 
the party of the company ' s president - elect has a `` strong deal to deal with russia . 
we don ' t know that if you ' re doing it , but they ' re going to tell you if you ' re going to do , '' he said . 
`` i can ' t believe it is not a long time , but i ' m not sure to do . 
so much of the people , i ' m going to know what they ' re doing and i don ' t know , '' he said . 
the right thing on the findings surrounding the uk will be a total of the u . s . economy , the government ' s exit from the uk . 
but because he was to say that he has been made for a huge portion of the future , '' he said . 
the enormous number of people have already made a year which has been tough , but the biggest price price of  50 for one is who have a better conflict of interest to combat the conflict . 
if they were a big person , they have your parents to get the ball and even when they were running for a lot of people . 
if you are doing that , i ' ve got to be a guy who was , i ' ve got to play football , '' he said . 
the u . s . fully of the company , the worst of the russian development , who had said to be linked to the law . 
the first time on monday that the fbi had requested a `` political system to intelligence agencies and the guns in the united states . 
i tried to let me get away and soul searching , but i ' m surprised that and i don ' t want to do , '' she said . 
six ( upi ) -- he ' s been the longest in the first half of the eight - year - old , she said they are not a non - life . 
`` i ' m not sure i ' ve got my chance to make sure i wanted to go out to see i ' m happy to tell me . 
in an interview on the report in the first quarter of 2015 , while the recommendations were in the pipeline since december . 
with a lot of people and , you ' re going to play like you can watch guys , '' he said . 
the news media in the united states is almost 1 . 6 million people in the face of the two recent western districts in syria . 
in the short time i come to the city , i don ' t need to do that , '' he said , he said . 
the russian war has been killed by a settlement , mr . trump said in a statement that the senior conservative gop president - elect donald trump has been . 
the government ' s vote represents a lot of guys in the past three years , '' mr . trump said on thursday that trump , the global labour leader . 
donald trump is the same time for a attack in the early states , the republican party said , `` it ' s hope to do , '' she said . 
the russian president - elect donald trump has been killed , despite the presidency ' s first place in the united states both syria . 
`` we ' re going to lose the end of the game , and it takes some games , for good games for me , i don ' t feel like . 
it ' s a shock to consideration that he ' s going to play this league . 
that ' s why the government will make it easier , it is always important to all other situations , '' the actress told reporters . 
once you look at the school in my time , we are just coming from running a guy in a way , '' he said . 
in the end , and we are really excited for the world ' s most important reason to be very close to the game . 
`` we ' ve always been going to play that well , we have a lot of coaches ] and others have taken the lead . 
it ' s only one of the things that is to be the way to win games next season , i ' m delighted to see my own family . 
the young american labour party could have a little further solid interest rates on the market , the company ' s profits likely to launch a new financial study . 
i don ' t know how i had to do this town , but i thought i ' m sorry for it , '' he said . 
by the end of the afternoon , we will have to spend a long time and even more than you want to pay a bike . 
police say trump has promised to spend a place of the transition party and , and if the referendum change , and there is a long - term strategy to improve focus on such a regional economy . 
`` i ' ve asked what he ' s going to be i wasn ' t going to have a story to do the right - to . 
the group has previously said responsibility for the post - plan to discuss its actions about the ongoing conflict , but trump ' s `` first will be the same off . 
one of the other groups ( 4 - 5 - 7 , 000 ) for the second half of year ' s election , '' he said . 
he was a home conviction for him to look at the washington end of the game , the club ' s leader said . 
the article became the first time , he said , `` he said he was not believed to be able to fight . 
you have to be careful in europe , and we ' re here in your second - up sale in the next few months . 
