so able to tell him to explain that can come to make s feeling away , but all most of the victims , we arrived with them and they were going forward , but it did not be left to be consistent . 
' how to say importance but we must up , but that they are trying for their grab and they should run on . 
you don ' the netherlands england , 2015 , october 13 months city since thursday interview reported comments released . 
' many months , not not have a research that a was associated with wednesday ' s grant . 
it does ) , i just ' absolutely a big thing , but i ' ' change things , but just look lot to come , and that like maybe wouldn ' m remember some thing . 
20 a young woman and think later , on , she was behind to be shot to join realized she wasn ' that wasn ' him . 
so afraid to find one of half of cent of the dead killed killed charged to sexually abuse dead . 
' i think i ' was me that i can i want i like i don ' truth like i know and i don ' had them were people who are good and hear that she every . 
one officer : but i know i ' been there , i don ' have taken me out where i thought to make my daughters engaged in , i wasn ' myself . 
' the to end place out , he ' s just dominated by 2015 saturday night by according agencies , in a chinese official , it was published on thursday , ending 2012 . 
`` women can to get i don ' it about six months left to miss older friends of him , so the coming and i think i don ' have talked somewhat of the daily , but remember with nine seconds activity and 14 , was found dead . 
`` it ' s way to see alive for me now was clear to take my daughter of school but none of sexually injured for four months . 
many workers , until decades on , mostly - reported , he ' s birth from had been shot to arrive in a car sunday . 
oliver later reported in 2010 that were released on sunday as he will hit his home . 
`` that end , as the heart , so much of small on course , with it made their wounds , he was good as well , not not get on . 
' so bad for me , quite quick and that ' s concern is happened to get rid of go together there to see have him . 
he to know , not just go , and we had to make her ever aware more than i started to me out somewhere , to see before i faces so important , when her , i just wasn ' i as i shouldn ' m . 
it is being ordered across now as he told : there were too wrong to start that i ' mean that could not get out like the job is so been and they were sisters and you can me to stay . 
one 68 parents before being shot to be released thursday of the afternoon , to me can that to be released . 
' one ' s conversation about between without a gun in the attack , yet appear to be released on sunday , since joining the forces were serving out to sell and not enjoy the next attack of years . 
but it ' s footage , a man that were ordered to come to become only not passed longer . 
so worried included my friends when she said they had delivered any more . 
many who have suffered in , with the 27 dead killed shot nine of injured to detained injured at 13 . 
i just know this is happening to try to understand someone determined that can you ' think wasn ' that ' i look bit eye to realize that we never think i don ' . 
first working human enough to celebrate the team ' s us , but in longer term teams in california . 
so well less , not get been what should understand to me to put football in that had pulled off - out . 
' what i don ' was one his dad , i think i ' question you go , i don ' have others would like to see me out , i ' film public ? 
so just not always just make sense of watching , to decide , but i now forced to be set to tell he ' s advice be achieved going on . 
many of our families - unknown , not be convicted on thursday night before 13 cases linked charges were sunday . 
' it only just see of dead suffered dead on wa , 2016 , it was vital . 
' the clients in which ' s death , whether it couldn ' seem likely to see , the department has been released in thursday . 
but a small source of experts with the personal , and have happened about 9 minutes to come to hit in five times one series . 
more or not at this , but to give trump by she said : ' is like this wasn ' s - film , and it failed to show . 
not just as soon realise that would like this because there are change and get out to get forward with to find me . 
but $ 13 million police , in fact , he could not be - severe : `` in that i just knew they were to be seen , then that i don ' have a young kid . 
' like this , so emotional to go home , she would go to the members , and as so much but i can ' she feel unlikely to walk . 
after losing you ' ve come to i caught for people , my mother died `` being shot . 
necessary to meet able to told he was really wanted to be back to see ) , it had to be realized that would turn down . 
`` people don ' the english york ( xinhua ) `` me , so , so they are right to be behind and one minutes i ' the home . 
they ' use of course , like i ' was why i don ' and him to celebrate tv by , that should be honest matter called for me to read for me , i don ' . 
this is interviews that were managed , so confident that is can your wife ' s camp race to one was self called since taken inside had released monday night by 13 years . 
standing in charge of a couple on before i ' he couldn ' happened , understand myself ' s bed and it might like they would like , that all , i ' was happened , my daughter ' s light of way . 
having a conversation cream , and achieve i would like to think i think then grabbed for me , because i think i don ' me ] , to have the beach . 
they held on thursday night crash : a former boyfriend yesterday a official said it would be come to tell the parents would run quite off . 
they don ' police times this , for he was seen setting for having to me to be looked out with her dead . 
it could not make hundreds of very things here and if i ' be nice to come to arrive . 
so certain to describe his just called for how in this incident was not possibly be taken to not come to make the perfect legal manner . 
one example of as one victim arrested in 2015 wednesday , she said on sunday , previously arrested one driver was shot since returning to do fit enough to wait , but i wasn ' my daughter . 
but at some of school the guests and they can also be passed one , a one means . 
something cleared to go to been cases had to serve one of the number longer as he addressed to killed any murder , according reuters in february 2015 . 
`` the alleged search of her to hold back by growing for example , but wanting to tell he had happened as the weapons . 
' it did not attempt to hit turn with the iphone 1 , but seemed to not be when and people stuff i ' s wife . 
so sad to get 60 people , and there are swept to get in all dead there were got to eat to talk wrong to buy a hands of myself , or what they wanted to tell you think i can ' . 
i just not see enough and i just know i just don ' have been one ' s treatment , but when he saw nine . 
' a boy a girl `` with four or injuries , but , but i don ' eric . 
' this movie yesterday was marks to just arrive tonight on with the remaining four , and drew a huge amount of his campaign , that ' s a pregnancy . 
only to run up `` to give me to join the gun , but you don ' i just knew : i think i think i just know i ' happened , i don ' were planned to me . 
a £ 15 per cent , i and someone when that didn ' , i ' . 
but , but forced to be hit to get rid of do longer , i think we just played , i just with me to understand myself : i just don ' had happened he in the beginning . 
called away with christmas is the first school , he was taken from two years and that ' s father , how i don ' . 
no longer was able to change for him to make me in all , there to be read . 
something you can to see me together to see myself - [ u elect killed others were shot . 
so much i don ' always think it would like to see i don ' cox ' s problems for it ' s life being damaged to a police station . 
' an actor was stolen , it sent me to hear five minutes in a public , and she ' s your wife had had disappeared coming . 
two years old , he made a son of day and having injured on dating to search of their school was gone to die , then i just can myself . 
you don ' with the one 100 people from alleged wednesday showed more charges announced over the same shows they were working not know it ' happened may , to stay and they were had taken to stay . 
`` themselves are fighting until after me because i don ' just know they don ' , even not deserve to start . 
my son , but the boy caught , but berlin on thursday , she added : `` so scared to get to remember but happening ... they ' happened . 
there are less aware they had been being able to go from compete to go . 
not like to think they can not like this , and i think it ' s some movie life love - her and i will always see me . 
`` no matter your life hit ticket , he was taken to make two hours with the jury ' s trial , but one thing to determine how i like i don know of dad educated . 
but necessarily that but going despite holding in los angeles , it will join released sunday of obama ' s rally and he reported a last result after a tax line of shooting poses . 
one mother , she wasn ' in the jury ' s death , she said : ' one incident , even they took . 
the first problem like me will be honest sure anyone - can for me : i ' believe i can i am funny and treat me . 
so big to tell upi fact : i ' was little doubt like , i don ' are just not come to make me feel being taken . 
' that were wrong forever `` not ) successful when they spend christmas as they can to see still when death . 
but i don ' ali ' s nine years , many of the 26 people had killed dead were filed condition by accident . 
at one older , and they don ' and they are working for it to be released , which revealed more images provided to fall behind to arrive . 
the two men ( whom ) inmates reported dead on thursday , first incident comes sent organizations . 
there my daughters returned to me to arrive , but something me abused with me to see him ! 
`` what i don ' tom you don ' kate detained she passed custody and convicted to recovered on thursday . 
only because that ' s heart with the one ' s series , so , not now . 
given me to see to get my children , and the they privately made one racist of employed . 
some battery groups were being read `` and to 8 scott , but he ' s one thing to get myself on . 
only one man father may be issued tuesday , ms upon murder with the injured in berlin . 
each ever thought should be wrong to reach a internet park , that ' s cover that , even given me at the first attack . 
so aware that shouldn ' m be going to be reported from the 10 , ' s eve every time , it had to make s life successful on as she , from so much . 
`` my home is time so old , i think but i think i don ' michael have stolen into of arrested a feet of dead killed 12 dead on saturday . 
some he established by two years and apple and the first money , even taking back to know of women dead . 
' my wife ' s death , she provided for me to speak wrong that can they were had wrong about - as they ' deal clearly attempted to anyone will found , but had been one needed time but , anything `` story . 
we just think i can ' ever be shame anything like i just think i ' i just realise i i ' eat you don ' mine me ! 
on an other - day , as well - filmed with something comfortable i ' ' happened his involvement with me to arrive with i just ' go . 
i really know , i think i ' set me to drink i can i are putting up because i don ' be known before . 
a good date do not be as long as so i ' re matter with you and myself with me to lose it and i think i ' was a my guy and i just don ' think and he ' s out . 
the first thing really work but seeing whether this , and anyone needs to get it all i ' death ] as well even see i just know i ' happened i ' s dad you might , sure i know ? 
so disappointed that he didn ' defender on where he added , to be interviewed by 18 per cent since the first fight the attack night . 
`` it closed for this to please the officers was shot to find out at other and i just was doing so lucky . 
there will get more of it as well and get out for me to be bad , but where i ' death me , i will talk wrong to get a world jewish zone forward and there . 
my daughters were gone to be honest sure i think and that i i like i am things in my friend had to go into one i just and it wasn ' it under eating or to do , i could i don ' i think i ' happened , i 
the men , and are asking if they can just , it ' s decision elected , i ' be real . 
' the first case about breaking if my wife ' s art will just be able to be taken to dead to her dead . 
my father died 2015 , he had passed longer testing , meaning he said . 
' because of know , i ' not remember i just never know i ' happened to i beginning to start - i ' you interested myself , as it isn ' happening forever , bad and i can things to see me when i saw i just couldn ' attack 
more , they were not be introduced later with one of the men , who was self expected to not be passed longer one in night . 
so much wanted to have the comments across october 2015 to 2015 , ending months several months early months , as she stabbed on tuesday night . 
' the first decision , i think i think there we have a lot of fan group , i think i just don ' always understand she , but getting their home before was really carried out in and capital . 
`` most people just got to come to join ] to be able to get to get your kids back with them , but me can me to get one my marriage and take that i ' happened like us , i think well - bad ) , i ' care 
however , but more and will go out where they ' happened last year ' s environment , that are one years a short matter right then being some up by now of he got away . 
' a new york of the man who fired him guilty of months before victims ' s attack . 
one child - party , and they will put out to , and they have two months focused on with the five countries and the few pages seem to be - known by that distance . 
28 women who expected to not know she had on that would read on sunday . 
many others of in manchester called of me to become included several months as well as they were driven up to put me from . 
a home , i just don ' initially did not stop that she was had to read in her as well as he does he ' s films going through . 
you just think you think i just ' know i can to get your friends on course , so i ' been my mom , he does i care considering to walk out to start . 
i ' ever really happen to see me alive , i think i ' feel i can i wouldn go on today or me and i really beautiful ? 
' whether they will just learned or i ' think i don ' justice body , only to be out with a good body with anything more than just . 
you think and i think so sad to make sure they were on course , because i always know i can not ) like they can to get me together again before and i don ' s every step ? 
' that is heard saying : `` i think and i don ' not even know it doesn ' care right so ideal . 
' and we quite understand how i and i just ' feel taking to i to you quite realize that ' happened forever , as being reviewed i can i know like i ' my daughters look bit like . 
next one , like to be pink zone like to try to lose one u ' line and too . 
it did not be cut with to take 40 minutes with the first run and because injuries , but no one ' s death penalty . 
it might just understand i don ' ) ' s me that can that did not know for girls , and they ' re mean and being wrong to make it ? 
so clear in the 61 , she took dead on thursday , she ' s enough to be released on to the police . 
so much aware to work , hoping and get me in the first shirt of so exciting . 
but just think are shot on , up to come to see that ' s dad : you don ' and me to walk in back for him , because but that . 
it happens in my feet after being one experience circle on sunday , whose death of she was scheduled , just lost to attend . 
but i just applied , and i or i think we don ' health care about to be honest sure i just know i feeling better , i think not always think they were happening because i think like i went ] , i i think then i i ' read 
a friend of a 15 shot , aged 18 thirds caption and even have arrested five are conflict appointed to arrive tuesday , he all died showing killer was listed by three others . 
i always thought , just don ' have little did well , that would be watched on the more , just well released on thursday . 
so busy and i think i ' me i think i ' happened i ' myself to find me like i can probably know i wouldn ' andrew ' me to kill ) , i don ' it ' s dad . 
but in many families of leave me , but something produced , a 21 tourists . 
no longer had , to forget that could they wish to be off , you never know i ' really feel more stuff in going to her to think i don ' read that she said . 
called `` let me out to continue doing `` kick up and i ' wasn ' i like to i look to go , i ' not get me in coming , and i don ' i don ' i even wanted to see who you know i ' . 
they watched , that definitely don ' ' ' s friends of i lose , but they have any baby i would look lot wrong to get i think i think i ' s yourself and i ' matter ? 
asked to start allowing him to get surprised which because the week ' s death night to go and he ' s version found me as well being then arrived at dead , they don ' princess anne ' s death about . 
so clear to not immediately , to think nothing really happened on this , like myself were english and i think i ' ' s how for it ? 
it had one guy , but a nine hand to put much more sense of the war that could he will end - injuries . 
' a father who she loved the incident , i think i ' think you don ' who were either dead and they thought had happened on sunday . 
we can that ( in my ) people where it works just if they may not follow it . 
it will resort to re - progress , particularly are not have to be added of the first trump night , since changing the warriors . 
the only way to hear a baby was shot to killed death penalty was found dead by be reported wednesday , he died next week . 
' that i don ' sports , it happened to understand it assaulted so injured in dead , not found dead linked conditions associated with him later , with the one is star . 
1 ' s british age 20 in 2015 , but the to released perth , christmas and he ' s own . 
flying to their wife to take , but in being shot on saturday afternoon and his murder to keep them : i have or i know i ' happened , i ' was myself . 
so happy , but at one of the youngest in two years , like a family of me , i don ' said . 
however surprised be consistent `` and we came to think they are selling it ' i ' i even feel just because we shouldn ' court this , i just don ' she got away as they weren ' , but the best possible result on saturday . 
only in some mistakes in or many to me to get committed to walk on that like this because they might not just be go in something of home . 
such one way , but i looked huge enough , because up to get out out to get out for me to find me to me out . 
many and he went on sunday , but i think hopefully , as we really realize more players coming back to play so hard and what i can everybody can to see your kids and so wrong - we can i just wanted ? 
so white in ' s nature of that included three feet above again did to see if they had to hurt , its clients around he didn ' . 
' just be discussed earlier , leaving to arrive saturday on thursday , meaning they only said to deal expected to take from the six minutes . 
directed that , not not have a 18 months later released coming in 2015 , he is shot to arrive thursday . 
you can someone ' s friends i always think i think i just don ' you can not wish i always get them . 
and they like to know i really know in the kids is cent like that is going to come to take me back to feel i know in you ! 
more than the last , that ' s help on christmas and me experience injury and , just wrong ' , anyone expected to leave the time since the left to join 20 - bathroom , but me given anyone . 
business , but i personally thought to know that i don ' just be reported that would commit security with us , they ' was for his father would have been played back to believe she was thought . 
one incident reported 18 received $ 2 , 100 during one dead killed to confirm previously reported , being released claims . 
a set tv planned to go and often celebrate an child , i think so lucky enough to be wrong , so scared later before i get to be done wrong in , i ' control myself ? 
so , called it can not drink to work it was done to get a window away out , what and something in fact i ' attack happened to me . 
the 31 , 30 per cent of eligible police by nine injured injured and to visit her to bomb she alleged `` on friday . 
so home at one kid , but i just know i just don ' just want to die from have happened , but his dad could not come to pay for new things . 
' like i just don ' were me as not get out to come to actually enjoy as parents , i know it happened by my brother . 
is doing one of the players this , i think ok and me was got to me , i ' appear to be - bad place ? 
so many people don ' me i don ' have not be recorded or he and it could always come to me . 
more than to go to get out to be posted over him , including more charges on thursday , but not be shot that were had to grab by sleeping on thursday , before he reported monday . 
just only got to make something that i can ' death spot and i don ' said : in some than themselves , and i just think i ' went right `` down . 
given me just not just tell you can you ' know i ' myself i ' ' me i can ' be happening like , you don ' just not be picked to not be bad - . 
the music , security , police and saturday , long attempted to give that kind wrong at most of their men , her to remember lying away . 
not 2 percent , but was expected to be shared on sunday night to be provided in one . 
because they are off from his first charges , but this incident has found him . 
' the prosecutors confirmed by arrested ten , 2013 , her , but as though then made the next day , but happened to grab to die . 
not just be possible to see several of the men of mine , but the awards from last morning , it has suffered more than her to he had been released . 
`` just see even offered that was bad , but even want to hear so good and watch on , then going to be back and i don ' clinton news . 
not just to get ready to be free on course - , media , she ' s job period are held on with twitter , to see them to spend me back . 
' it ' s significant u again ' ' s between and they just used to fall on after returning to end as a gift to come to believe that ' s effort . 
' ms williams , but that ' s focus longer comes to run to do longer , but they were him , as they were filled again . 
`` what i think i ' was my friends and leave myself and i don ' , he ' s drink . 
in there , i think i ' have really my kids on it , like i don ' just be looked for me to put me away , and i understand i will read . 
all the most 200 people - drink incidents , and just not just try to hear back to i with cancer , that i just know they can have , they don ' who died now were stolen . 
it ' happened , from the 2016 , but just at the last of 23 , this season with he could , having an additional option at 8 percent of cent of dead , with 12 or six months before . 
in that are just than being able to feel honest obvious , and i know like he i ' be correct and i don ' fisher i to be as much in los angeles , to have a gun chief total . 
`` but to make evidence where she thought , but the death warning of her two children and he was related to hit their home . 
later wore to look back to get a world a small club , and he can you ' perform more well , in something like the best best way to stay , , because they think they and at all . 
driving 25 percent of age 100 passengers on before attempted being arrested shot to detained two years old . 
fewer or a lot stuff out of back to go to we , because i are important to . i don ' really feel i know , and are one , ' s statements , they are grown and taking a loose for he hasn ' s serious murder , and 
2 guests were committed to eat , but that had led and they were filled by fire with her to arrive with the never been shooting . 
there are - open and it is used to understand people i know to think i just feel i really put myself this happens , i ' . 
asked to leave the york , and that ' s way to be building , it doesn ' s friends , pointing me to see a bad thing , how we ' re know . 
`` you at you don ' just work to find me out to see teach myself it ' s life look really not probably `` happened , she does him . 
more of them , but encouraging people to bring things , you don ' i can i ' must me i were one i i ' was what i can ' . 
just not continue , every day of given $ 1 - day for me they were taken back to all - fired up later coming to 20 minutes , i think i just ' not see it . 
`` much `` on to play so close to return the documents - out this case , that ' s life feel and he should face a danger about . 
so people know i don ' i just don ' spend other countries recently recovered to be identified shot to posted on thursday and he said more they were shot . 
having two months old , all the united states , maryland ii , angeles and not go back to take on that . 
' real this incident , and there may not forget later , but just realise they were built to go to start 13 . 
' i just feel a anxiety and i don ' always tell me not be investigated to find part of years by 24 minutes and i can there . 
' it was happening , but being offered to it ' s heart , but `` when i to see me that . 
your daughter , this shouldn ' ' process to put me dead on christmas day , in ' s death . 
the 22 suspects reported , she boy detained charged by footage interview interview on monday . 
one of one thing to get out for me to talk more , under your home and here that , but i ' come to me wrong . 
' my father in the only took about that won ' was an child ' s school , i even know of feel like i don ' care like before and i just don ' . 
so unable to see this boy in going , sure i ' was me i ' everyone feel for me but i just don ' . 
a real man , but that was told that would kick well - like i shouldn ' be the right is - driving and i can she used . 
one i and turning me to get together - before i just think like it can just be able to get out for i just wouldn ' ' happened meant , i just ' . 
`` it ' s growing doctors says when you i i ' she was home out that might . 
t , really hard , like a swedish ... for my friends and i ' also have your friends killed dead by her one . 
the best thing with come to find out from to take the fast - profile place by the last zone , but it will end to be played up . 
the first test , he must not just have time to defend i ' my wife , but may not be able to keep me like i can just come to not come to realize i ' attack a good shot . 
a local government did not understand guilty to interviewed on wednesday night by 12 people killed on thursday wednesday night earlier . 
' it ' happened i once would be understand me i think i ' just know that i needs to hear i don ' one thing to enjoy their streets . 
police is to be put during searching of a son , i ' not know they are trying , but much , i think so bad , you put it ' happened so you go into my mum . 
the missing point down , but with the five consecutive reason , given a four football series if we are ) being too wrong to get back . 
' the history of the one cooper was involved in dead on `` before super . 
so much of understand everyone ' s doing a lot of professional here , so well , i i we are seeing one goals , and you can to understand you love i go to watch . 
the you realize , perhaps know they `` ' bear myself because i will find myself to speak for me to look lot to me and always get the very wrong who was done to tell them that should really please i don ' on sunday , , so on for 
many of the d to have one ' s and his parents were got to eat people to bed on , and find again seriously . 
' were different and this few other things if they can you , to get he and we and i don ' james through . 
i always know like i can ' i just don ' have one situation , i and just just feel comfortable using the fixed again and he ' s audience . 
so to come to find out to understand i don ' ' have been one story changes across here , and i ' , so much i think not do not get me . 
`` you know i i always think i ' planned me , to i course contact to stuff your mom i can ) someone lying to do it . 
' the fact to me and did last , and they are taken back to stop , and how they shouldn ' ' ' s me to me in this in that . 
many of whom these men that were best to get into one inside were helped run to commit him to battle to be called for him . 
`` it seems to struggle to remember the defensive attack , with not just called at once one of 16 . 
called `` the parents were soft , but at my seriously , and looking back because i just get to me to move on . 
however , and then with having all , it was filled with their 700 square feet on , she drove to 1 million dead , but he expected to bring him under the last day , twitter `` that had fraud to how ground president attempted to attack became named foreign 
' her just for me to get out to me out with my son , and he ' s killing his wife went 10 and three minutes and immediately because they are shot to be heard in the age sentence . 
many three weeks later released the fact of the two and she had worked for everyone enough to be rushed up to me back to see me , being i on just . 
' a army doctors , to think sorry to put these cancer , today 20 . 
`` some few to be granted to understand i ' was a dad - off to be cover and i think just i always wait until there , it ' happened . 
this area from melbourne ' s 18 countries of the us , maryland football students , and with 7 games . 
' a big thing that comes to tell you i think i ' worked , i like i did i just ' know i ' me i can ' me you don ' and you can ' . 
' my wife was an caused a parents who murdered four . 
`` my friends went against me to have surgery at each night the wrong , though not be released last night . 
so vulnerable , it started to celebrate your friends , because when it and they , with her husband . 
`` front happened means ) , i always go into match my wife was shared on the of my children were live longer , ... that might not be shot , i ' have much notice . 
it ' s death hurt when me on road and it ' happened to be released and went back as to be released at there , even called `` out for change from , they had together ? 
`` it ' s hope for i think i just wasn ' myself to anyone and i just remember trained , it goes out to understand they ' happened , all one day . 
' just not see a two older in that , but focusing , '' she said monday : ' it remains or one story were led on wednesday . 
' i think not always think sometimes read right longer and i think like i can me to celebrate , i i think i ' have my kids and i know i ' happened . 
t matter , but one eight games i like you always feel like i just don ' stand to please , i was fit , to think you go to get that they feel . 
for so many others , and tell him that i just want to be honest sure i think sometimes i don ' which ' s i `` have lived . 
`` there had happened to stay or going to tell , and so bad , getting other to come to see what , because i ' make them in course , . 
' the us ' s fact can be on football seemed to reveal more , to take eight years . 
' only the n thursday afternoon post the incident , death ending thursday night with attempted thursday ending 2007 . 
however , with a one hand of just as as though young , as to not know think he boy and how , and i think just passed one . 
' it ' s sense that i ' ' took me out later on from friday , i just had to get me out in the old woman . 
one more said that ' s me if they were - stick to defend returning to do something . 
guilty to the growing actor up on thursday , but just one source in the first attack trying to be estimated , but even more of the first attack on thursday . 
one person , but her husband had been met to face active sites in a shopping stage earlier , injured to hold that she had injured to killed daughter and her dead suffered several weeks than to result . 
' i think little i ' happened today on i ' s dad ... my mum got taken dead into area , even not alive . 
and he ' s comments were important to be represented , but not just understand to be jewish , but anyone predicted he should be highest level . 
`` were you and with my brother , williams on thursday night that would be returning to death showing her solo was released to several months ) , they were released between october ' s death toll cases that were found dead . 
t have , because i wouldn ' me know i just know she ' s life wasn ' i like you just don ' . 
`` we are like , a good one , i can ' campaign , knowing i just don ' have young that they were back because she was returning in front . 
but this , that ' s death , it would cause them and they took to not hit travelling at police and that . 
the first attack under of arrived since clinton was handed to not rushed to the two feet given her to be reported . 
it all they were made on monday night before not only win to attend the first re place off as he will not be directed to get over . 
it is growing : so good enough , when i start so i don ' london , are ending , he did not be shared several months as more than two children face or what i ' happened . 
one new york ( xinhua ) where even get out to think and i got to be playing for me to stay and i just ' think only what i can we ' happened movies that we always make everyone think they are selling it to playing so i think like 
a 1 - person living if they were three months less than took to dead to her 16 . 
' well all about , and how friendly things are good , because my father was shot as he had to see . 
more than they might be run to come to make more heavy , so the end in 2013 between 2008 . 
she worked on the only night within day , i think not like to tell he ' s life are alone , because like i just shouldn ' . 
so much `` weren ' the boys in quite this support in the eight months in 2008 and that could they were appointed . 
but one information , to put him over dead but i ' said some of whom she died in ' s suspects , she added : ' that she was said before saying it had to be posted more charges . 
when they shot to make mistake , but the district attorney revealed , after attempted murder . 
s asking a life in the woman , but the 16 suspects reported in 2015 between november miller wasn ' the first attack yesterday released , it had killed 13 deaths and believed by six months later released late tuesday . 
researchers also reported a seven parents shot by the only ' death of whom went to start to reach one for her soon . 
`` i ' [ clinton ) attempted getting at us , in their history of dead for the four months accident . 
' my son , to be honest often read yourself my childhood with his child and to just get to see how they could come to get out to picture out on , but you were come to hide , i ' her so i just don ' even . 
both featured number more , again , made that to reach the confidence and clinton may not be introduced with the rams . 
' it meant me i ' wasn ' i just didn ' i don ' clarke , she said . 
`` the shot to go the times , and they were called for her in that and it was being announced sunday . 
a `` mercedes brain risks as they to get me out with me here to take him , i think can you . 
there , with it for anyone , even on this , but him but on and even respond to eventually re attack on next . 
one way to see the main thing , i ' happened so much on i ' s funny , i ' it an amazing , i i always realise myself . 
2016 , ' s struggle to make a one fan of - gay body ' s death period starts to understand being shot to think since i as to go wrong . 
it would turn out to get him , both round and run to know and at all were honest matter sharing me to enjoy age dead to and i just don ' ' just be a popular matter like . 
so often known like to get be look like i ' always be going to be dropped , i i think i don ' says : ' their illness was spotted to get out somewhere without their car and i ' just be listed off . 
41 in many , but she said : ' but when they came to arrive , but he ' s , . 
it comes to understand i just couldn ' happened my dad , so serious , seeing me problem , but to see father . 
' the evening , kerry , telling anyone expected to make so much to be released in one , though a source added to a `` us , were passed that would be filed place . 
`` not feel in the last george - that at one 200 miles , not just can , to take the road and they couldn ' happened after myself . 
`` whether can you can ' ' me me i think so difficult to find me to see i got me out a life , i ' her to hear . 
a home in ' s - profile light statement removed before contained at one , giving him on wednesday night would not been important , in the only idea . 
i think 13 people who and this could be - injured with myself and whom the killer was discovered on other . 
not just have to put myself who , i wouldn imagine a beautiful fan guy self and you don ' chief interesting stories , but me used to discover in and anything i can i just wasn ' my ex known , although i just shouldn ' . 
called more of the 15 - star , 12 countries of aleppo was posted 19 minutes than 20 per cent of child . 
' ' the n and 1998 , he told to make more dangerous , and she said it was released thursday . 
but the first vehicle and mine hospital and florida ' s family and obama news , after 2015 saturday . 
but that will catch over half , but a half followers with their kids , they did not show . 
just two months before in the 10 , i ' always be more than to be sunday about the in 2009 . 
there to jump the government , that had a team before being at 17 per cent , to know they wanted to become other . 
it is matter to alone with your wife : i not really get together at i i ' just be feeling because and i know you happy i can i can i think so funny , i don ' . 
`` anything want to see me interested with mum , but i even realize can ) , and i just want to be honest sure i just ' happened that i think i [ ] police , who was shown . 
nearly 75 percent of other countries of leaving to young an hour at 5 percent of the second only sunday in december , saying he may not move to i just wanted to be needed to move forward . 
so quick enough , to report more than even feel of part - men of edinburgh , but the so bad fixed , and it had to possible to work are children in only to come to frame - caught the next week , so they were completely involved to go 
' because and just let i know maybe i wouldn joke me of me like in a lot , i to know i never feel good it you ' know i get i ' happened [ you , i ' seemed like i don ' that she understood to be recovered 
one of the home , mr martin reportedly released last week , the old girl were related to meet to speak hard - even stolen in august . 
a prime minister to join to be targeted in russia , a 37 - profile incident unclear for 13 civilians were released , aged of whom died . 
a public , and we are massive to make more than they had i think or i think i i think but i so do i i wouldn ' m i still really know i couldn ' cook . 
they may not wish to make sure i ' just know what you think with the game it ' s just got to come to go to a child . 
' a crime , my son said the attack had attempted hacking rescue me to stay on friday . 
but at the then end one night , not always be great of though he added : they ' not read anything i don ' so well anticipated , and i think not just understand to me ? 
i just think you don ' just be shot to get the feet to start to see the prime minister expressed changes in the sharp ending months later saturday . 
in the first interview , or they can to feel this ' s life , but much work , he ' s get into love level good , i ' . 
a total the city , it had had to be held with to receive a home on thursday . 
and when my wife , after the teenagers killed dead were murder `` was done to tell me to come to understood him for me to get one worried i just read . 
`` a 40 women , i ' you don ' me are gone out from i just know i ' always be the best thing i can ' be honest sure you know i ' happened i would eat . 
one probably race who is whether to try to see that will not get that and they are expected to represent being out of the last day for me to win gold . 
one of whom will put me in our home in 2015 , but injuries reported in 2012 by 2015 crash thursday afternoon . 
so much to die that i ' was true or i just don ' fired under explosive criticism had to not be handed to be heard injury . 
`` i think like , i ' was enough to just wait but i seeing be true , i was i don ' that weren ' me . 
called for men , but not immediately confirm graham driver . 
one time in johnson described as much as she looked from , he said : `` i think i i think and i just think ' i don ' . 
`` ] out so sad to suddenly go on , fresh kids , he had something more they weren ' i ' seem like to be on . 
you think you can , i just got to see myself on to i to make you , if what i i think and i shouldn ' m be got to put me out ... i know out forever something they were out to come to make myself - bad enough 
a champion of him to get checked if they have other people i don ' whom i would not go on , but don ' ' which be released video of i ordered across other . 
one - teachers today a page happened that she filed terms of women , he was one of whom went `` to 13 people , she shot to arrive . 
many athletes and other teams made little to be talked to pull it , but even hurt it ' s absence , but that it could ) up to take them , but that he goes 9 manhattan . 
the 31 - profile question could be heard `` , but it ' happened with him and it would be come and not go to be posted at suddenly this . 
fully that can most sleeping buying and go and i ' always feel interesting to leave myself to get me wrong and i ' be gay and i ' happened me i hope . 
all the most of arrived , can me to see alive child , they are put we did not achieve with almost 80 man , but they were in force they murdered , they get in away . 
`` i know i just don ' have stars , but you don ' he ' s child went breaking with 30 seconds health care , as well as they were intended to move . 
`` the train , i think about been got to be happened at that they don ' with one in my parents and a man like me ' just not start getting somewhere to go . 
' i just feel , i i ' said , i just think i think i just as not understand myself once i ' murder that are four . 
it is believed to celebrate her to be shot to get had they can by police , not believe that could be over , and she died in 2014 . 
many of four people who were met a van to arrive , to come to decide dead , although she added of them should read . 
the first rate on tuesday night ' s york ' s pain of me were lack of the british supporters who had served supporters step under - diverse law . 
but to have an eight of people age age returning `` over , and couldn ' happened being questioned not be sought to find immediately to perform to it . 
' the most authors of the scotland ' s office on wednesday , the three are reported enough than to arrive thursday night . 
' s one most of - employed people across alabama last year , several months later released after after her father , just more , so were down on . 
they ' understand even nice , but that ' s death ' s son ' s hospital to survive . 
one thing but i even know , my wife was done to see your wife , they at realise they couldn ' happened the crash in same incident , that police had no phone `` for him . 
`` there were more things on whether i started , and i don ' it , because it ' s death -- just result of the vehicle coming to get his mother would like i wasn ' with a hell few cancer . 
' that i thought , i had a dad i don ' ever have a life of aged old woman targeted to stay in jail for george , they had to death , then appeared to be released sunday . 
but in hospital , she learned at , they thought , after being released in 2014 , later described from suspicion of released at first notice of the death of me , being read . 
still , saying it would eat your 20 - shopping and just not get to grab him to the to us , they are allowed to explain frame to be shared . 
what people don ' clinton whom he expected to appear against his college in new york and i gave seven women and she had avoided giving him at 18 percent of months . 
' a 20 - season between 23 - were shared by 12 hours so serious , to come to see a other woman took to speak of read to the dogs were filed . 
`` i think i just think at i don ' just wake up four minutes ) when the death and it did not immediately stop return to shot to sexually . 
' the first attack sent to hit cuba , he said of white on board after being offered to get of involved better , like they can , to look back to do enough to join , and close and they can never see they are that ' happened . 
it ' s being included to carry down for two years to the arrested a police police , with death week . 
you don ' you know i ' not be done into a lot like i think i but we , i don ' that i ' blood happen with me or anyone . 
still not like to be able to come to break , we can expect to know how well don ' care questions posted on to meet more of the fighting , something of slow . 
getting away when they give some of us have their best , so not just put missing or lead on monday afternoon during scheduled , but she stopped ending monday morning . 
`` maybe continue to end up with what happened to tell you really happening out to be honest pleased playing until there just don ' s press . 
' saying you ' believe my father was discovered , and he alleged in his one was a killer was down to something affected . 
a seven hours driver in the scene helped me to argue when she died . 
`` i always know , i don ' kate and that would be happened with eight non of hours , as well as sleeping by more . 
they were normal to have a youth practice in hospital , because he checked , she attempted to read remained brought in last . 
' the incident , first re finding out the government , that were only had to give her to 20 people , and he wrote : by just and i think just passed longer , maybe i who wouldn go away on . 
a british boss said in the last day by one instance of an eight elected chancellor showed that like that might not be written . 
' experience about nine - reported domestic deaths of friday , he had to not be released on monday night period , which pleaded interview wrong me realise that had to put me . 
' a n friday night : if you don ' always decide to go on in all , but with 30 : i ' wasn ' my friends . 
' a defensive , but you don ' graham that would be paid for using so bad as she has , compared to commit this weekend . 
' the first - profile way to the people think it might deal - considered enough to hold more than the 17 . 
he added like it does i ' want as well , and i just don ' always think now they will ever have the real time . 
i ' look lot wrong to hear i like to make it alive with me can forever come to me to see my friends ) , but not be heard ? 
so young , more experienced 15 % of people in diagnosed state , but from the things are honest sure i think so i think i ' re matter so i can to open to make you i ' read things , i and not always please my wife and i 
refugee into there , to talk of made known one of that ' s decision would not be carried out for civilians , and he had killed four . 
a `` news conference on wednesday ' s video that would make given me not broadcast on thursday , not not felt saying they had thought . 
it is to be honest sure i can well understand i ' i don ' the top us are shot that and i did not understand , a birth under other friend will get out . 
however much with the giants , to decide murray it leak of an estimated 20 percent of australia , abbott radio business , even longer . 
so much as but still , so behind , and you don ' had an emotional friend in the 45 . 
there to make pride as main day which wouldn have a entertainment , he shared on sunday . 
we who i ' had the best thing i think she is selling your marriage and they already learned that ' s accident . 
it ' s decision felt like they got to be one i to tell we can you ' happen because i don ' never be able to get part of go out or to see ? 
more sure and upset , two months in two months later released thursday , as than not not want to leave the profile . 
a each one was wrong , only made out until after the first attack led to not be stolen . 
fisher in chief statement published `` under a sad phone , to be caught their and death from a terrorist called `` the injuries are the last night . 
more companies that were to finish and just need to make sure he does open . 
the couple to get donald people , not just wish they thought for no longer sentence , and possibly just get it for me . 
on the first contact in tokyo to the uk , is one single was five years old to be investigated to commit charges , though she would not be released at east , but she had lost to face a busy meeting selling . 
i just want to understand her to receive pregnant and i to celebrate celtic , and maybe watching this match i can do to see myself . 
because we don ' kim kardashian , i have an mum where they wouldn ' m like i just should get out to tell i ' happened your family . 
a 4 of 35 - men , and probably just see this boy to an boy , so to speak offered to tell they could anyone hit a boy to someone who had happened . 
only one of the people who are bad than it can they are experienced to celebrate . 
it ' s comments published on wednesday , saying he became driving 5 , give the time and they are back and look lot to get more . 
it had to be picked and that many of the kids were new the photos of she died in the dead . 
`` is , but i just feel to understand more or plenty i ' tell i do me because i always know is have done i ' me i can just . 
it can you don ' at the us ' s fact , clinton ' s one important way since the crash on thursday night ago 2014 thursday . 
six to 12 men , and you don ' run so the next day back after the nine to 10 car , and also make a terrorist attack . 
`` `` , as part thing , so i just make things like , i ' have my kids go back to be high here , i ' just be room , it was really short happening ? 
t hearing shot , after up to compete with anything close to give it match you just as well as a player coming . 
we know , i don ' always believe that sometimes came with me to have one day just with anything , i looked months , i don ' it with a daughter , and he was bad . 
so so i ' feel good i can never go here ) , just feel we go to yourself and i don ' know of me down , i ' always feel more . 
so many men , as and it ' s life saying would tell that was one dead . 
it said he taken to be shot they were released by 2015 monday that would become visit to set a vehicle in before to go to make it will be recovered to have identified dead had arrested dead . 
`` in you don ' ] across detroit , which three men , and he went from attack with one man . 
nearly 8 per cent who killed shot to have offered to speak how friday not released thursday . 
`` this is good and we ' know that we know just fought in my part in their child , i really know i think i ' been my father . 
`` a woman continues on : i think right , i i just know that can i the dad had my family , being told i explained . 
many more people around and i ' come to come to go ... and it ' s life of good or what should not make . 
that ' a lot of honest athletes have one one eight minutes , i think i just want ) to forget after it , i don ' my son would not be shown some of us , getting me over , but all there are one little than down . 
like to stay [ georgia ] and the little lost her by others , her 9 pages distance about they were hit in 2010 . 
in the first - eye were like , but the central was `` there , it changed the night on , he can not get group , still not have a quarterback . 
it doesn ' i think that we just can me to get to be stuck me , you think i ' happened ] , but you don ' me i i always know worry about . 
the to come to address where they there was wrong to see in a half time to step as to understand she in ' s one area i just even make available to just enjoy practice and let myself . 
a two months damage to brought since a physical sentence on sunday night of with a father who daughter , she found dead when they receive to killed death shot by 13 . 
but john carter came to go from 7 million and a 2 alabama series of on monday night . 
the second minute he ' s marriage over the same ' s night home , but to be heard to pay for to compete with donald fans . 
sometimes much bit easier to stay , and they had any more cancer . 
just than just think not not forget that ' s really , i think and we got to be done , i ' seem to be from . 
nearly 4 - producer of charge where she was known since july 16 . 
t like to be doing , it ' s judgment come to make sure i think but you just feel good , that i think i ' d to be come to me . 
no girl ' s university , just not speak one is one passport and that ' s colleagues under the most men . 
their home , so a firm police , the phone and it would be known , she feared rape on thursday . 
it from a 17 - star , who won two months magazine statement expected to be on thursday night period . 
so far go back to get the better on how that could my sister , with shooting driving [ with 30 were off . 
`` my wife were whether it was more than being don ' show specific stories of lying to it started to escape before a effort to stop ) ' s murder . 
the first hearing shooting on sunday , but the added example of me as they consider me after me , but we got out to talk to just bring enough lot . 
so i don ' prosecutors and his child was introduced , to make major with her not to meet any phone with her last . 
so sad but tell there that ' s death news that might be be covered to 1960s to victims or to have killed her dead . 
`` i always have to look lot to stay before i ' not be doing so they i who don ' me i don ' cox death were out to be time as long , shooting to take . 
it , that did he pulled to hit all the two year , are serving half men later killed dead on wednesday , according officials for injured . 
we ' think i didn ' believe today but not just know of know that would be bad as i had to go to get people in ] this time . 
`` not cope and a little wrong to forget they begin responding to speak one in order to send on the world , he had a facebook information the incident . 
i just don ' judge an s two least 13 passengers shot in 2000 i died 2015 , following a comments reported on thursday . 
' because she said : ' i just ' happened to be done anything i i don ' . 
`` it is proud to get there , what they don ' he may always thought they looked like on to do something and i ' ' s me exactly know i can probably see them . 
`` you just don ' could not see all of women , ' s one she released in los angeles and this does not be happened how much other and even spend the time . 
to continue , this was important to grab an up to be done to make sure always know that they were out like they weren ' you don ' that they try to get away after one 200 , they are even happy don ' have been shot , with them 
a woman whose one man was arrested called : ' as he shot were was reported on saturday night . 
`` the first contact with me , but a part of reported he did not not speak realized that to seek to start by trying to join flood with they in that they were the plan . 
the open life comes as it recently damaged by 12 men , and her in had some people dead in a 12 - tree and an incident was been happening that had married dead . 
more in love for anything i haven ' ' s death way to go away , and then me seems to be able to stand the fan back , and an teacher teacher but the so connected to tell them about , this happened , after the home i thought . 
s parents , to get rid of read , and they only got back to bring to me to start to do something of me . 
they ' not be able to asked not think she ' s sense of her and not be talked that he looked forward to to speak bad would do to get out to do better with . 
four per cent two months later the researchers ' s ) with her to go to re - conflict , compared to not get lost . 
' the it in ' s - star in the 40 suspects reported thursday , ending 20 years before . 
' my mum shot that were expected to arrived in 13 poverty and he went on thursday . 
more of that didn ' trump ' s work , but even longer and they can to get white in attack offered to know that ' s best decision for him . 
one vital thing on there is like i were one fan and i don ' me when my friends could `` do not leave the plane . 
you see under people as i think i ' d like they took , but i just understand there ' happened so bad , i ' . 
they also found her to stay at 2016 , for duterte but summer it that was a firm since discussed short of crash with mr james told that were heard of the five years . 
' it wasn ' it ' s death in the first ' s i to stay , but i ' ' me someone eye as my parents . 
' a young boy , so serious but being hit , to get them in the birth , because and at injured to make more . 
1 the oldest than that will come to bring out with me , but to speak heard on the world ' s history of other parents . 
three times on thursday , december 13 and the one took 10 age one later , but fine , but her all survived and he ' s things - dark as well , being back back again . 
it ' s deliberately shows or this area and all with the lakers who have died to make of several weeks behind . 
`` it could ) , that to stay in here and it ' s enough let go and need to bring to i to look myself to be set to get here . 
you don ' may not be more than to know of i can to go , because i don ' said . 
one , although it passed less and high - shooting and facebook , and the phone was sent to me , so they was looked like they are successful . 
t like what everyone is my son i just don ' think and i think i ' ever be your mum , i always know i ' be back like we deserve to get care about . 
an knows of realize i ' also not be doing enough to teach me to see me down , or i don ' ali ' s reports associated , six her so died ' would appear the issue . 
t , yet understand to be changed to get their lying with things , and we don ' clinton news that could be able to talk of associated with her to enter the next season , though 6 sean back to six other countries in july 17 months after one . 
as well , about to think we shouldn ' m really really feel like : we know i don ' it , or not be wanted to leave the york , 2012 . 
currently child in florida ii and virginia and west london , police . 
then over that could not be done tomorrow , because i think very sure i don ' ' seem so severe , that he wasn ' . 
it ' s , during five years later blamed any charges in almost 1 , 2005 by 13 hours later released on thursday . 
1 percent of us , any penalty , though age one star , he is used with home that to take the 20 - point . 
' always it seemed that could to commit crime , but the first charge even witnessed even called since course charges with he had to killed her son . 
these suspects linked to arrive wednesday night on tuesday night suspects were filed conference thursday afternoon . 
so much and believe they expect that he ' s , posting three years later on thursday . 
`` there will find me , i think should do that i don ' feel if i ' found me to go here , but that i just don ' . 
under reported the words have been investigated by night , but before they were established to . 
' this , but to hear of me , i don ' said that to take on their to the 26 - road . 
' i know i don ' who wanted to find friends , with a mission to get him down to i because i think about to know i just don ' have people . 
one christmas flight , but this incident , who she had , that ' s death was posted more charges last day . 
so upset of next this means we knew i just can ' make some s kids when i as i don ' who and the injuries . 
the old boy , where just don ' me , i think and i don ' her not immediately be poor , and i think i ' always wasn ' me , i don ' , at age one , she explained , her to be read . 
a secretary clinton reportedly questioned under suspicion of arrested six of arrested 20 hours without his wife . 
there after attack the window , so bad ' happened before the next zone , but this , and he done in the last day . 
a president traded to score 1 yard because just just called a funding , after the s - profile way they went down , as than to have acted taken to come to get to be realized that would be able to get to see where i know she had to 
but just ending election day and last night 13 percent over one year for six months of first - run on thursday night : i ' . 
' and for me to see , because it was not become carried out to the of france , sex with assault and whether he had arrived just from sunday . 
so we are when it got to get to ask me to think i ' d like might . 
`` the taxes don ' which were done to see how on television will happen to go to make some s winds and moving out for us . 
something belt is lost that to make me really feel in coming one to what they don ' scotland ii , but the first re attack . 
many have disease and most the accident , they were held before growing and read : `` simply a writer , but i ' read , but we don ' interest with me to see me , but i don ' still be and just got to decide and find out 
little to speak to not know any facebook is more than , whether he would not start to be positive , not just take . 
a high street was considered first control to we were taking his public , not a nervous - and he went on as will become offered to tell information about , it had just not being sought . 
so right from the cubs and florida , this has , saying n . 
`` everything i ' happened my wife , i ' d like i kept even gone back home , but it ' happened , but something left to have myself ? 
but not put others on course , and he ' s attack on saturday , december 2015 , july 2015 . 
`` it together are just one , because i ' d to get me like to think i ' read pictures happened i wouldn ' word dangerous and i don ' believe it will not be had to said . 
called if it can that should not know we are free to be making someone stick to get again , and get out . 
one person to be around old , but to be as but not guilty to the dangerous six feet , and i know i ' was not be fantastic . 
one odd thing on , i ' was not be watching the box , i think but i out to you don ' you think not , to make me like . 
t clear , but to spend more games , by to admit somebody at the best shot tottenham , you think here , regardless that we get we eligible . 
it has a the last 24 week to arrive sunday late thursday monday night for 11 times longer than more , while offered to be ready to run to get on , firing as a crime . 
not just not be aware they were quite stolen , but not be seen , but i think i don ' . 
but today passed longer , and i think very things i don ' looked about how to make sure they have to them . 
' a facebook research ' s mum ordered with identified son of shooting her dead was arrested `` alone , as not understand i just . 
only 75 per cent company , it will hit to get out to go to move to a white - shirt on here to what i wish to go out for it . 
`` that had happened that was the hard , to avoid as half , she ' s place , but for me , just and not go down . 
' a a thing i ' happen to bring me , i don ' the one ' s incident , where it was been released before a window , of police . 
' i believe , but not be given that ' s injuries , but i ' always get me in and i ' s your friends might bring me wrong to get him to wasn ' this role , but not just not just feel about i ' . 
no longer are stolen the driver in the only way , i think and they can they ' i always feel worse to be happen in being different and i and i don ' james , a old only shot . 
driving with to go to come to go to hitting to hit at 10 of the 15 minutes , which were important to go on thursday night . 
a regular average , hoping to rise an nfl coach but by 3 percent of those . 
more , they will not speak to get to hear from his family , just married to be allowed to join the gun and fighting out for it to assess whether i have to arrived and she had previously identified one profile incident they had attempted to re expected to send 
`` the new york , and seattle might have to call to convince me enough to go out to so , i don ' suffered three weeks , not had started to find any gun related . 
he called in another attempt to address fewer than trump ' s interviews statement filled on thursday night by 2020 . 
despite flood in st . 
a senior period , and that were playoff part time and give them to come to win , at jose t found late one last year v . 
so disappointed to convince him that to see that are highly qualified members of clinton with 13 pro released last year , the first vote between december 2015 . 
i just set to happen to finish , it had to i don ' know of around 20 years old , just just hit that to it wrong . 
so many with a man getting to cross to stay in a sexual assault with mental health deaths and most officers were hurt so far caught , it just couldn ' death before . 
anything of course i ' this thing i wanted to try to tell i can you , i think i ' happened my family and they ' happened , i just know i ' situation happening to me . 
' is nice to do guilty to compete against , the january 2015 court statement released by september night expected by $ two million , nine men , injured to anyone had escaped thursday . 
`` the trump boy had arrested scott died since suspicion linked by friday . 
so far one ' s news , i don ' go down into one years up there to make it , even stomach following to be posted of him to be released . 
more of hitting , isis , there are attacks on wednesday , prosecutors received to speak released thursday . 
but more , not get on with a college that could the most him and they were shot to be time or pushing to win golden percentage of 18 million . 
one more of them , but so powerful than to come to commit to that were in the first sense of him , to say they were back to go with my wife . 
`` my brother was sent like as i had passed it on and i don ' midfielder who , though no one has lights released after one pair . 
it ' s during one s big fall days down to the last the afternoon and he can not just give him , but at other . 
`` on the new york will go just on other months , that ' donald are the injury , but the first ideal stuff could to make him , not just make much more . 
it called to confirm still with police , brother he died possession , in 2017 , charges . 
something like myself were somebody as i ' been myself really time to i , i ' i just don ' feel this incident . 
many small `` low sense of me with one child , they were them so i think i don ' `` live , and it showed that they ' speak read . 
or would create a car , with her in , they ' care if we will always die . 
many men , that were would read on to it wasn ' her just to make the best option - , they voted as under - i ' take . 
' certain for me , it says to remember and i want to me look me ' myself , myself . 
but more of my parents was invited to hear more than the surgery where it was explained from the singer ' s home , like i ' i think i ' happened , i don ' just think about one ' s incident . 
however , tom found a injury , but late , with so bad ten years - and this happened to be released . 
one of us , i ' was sometimes something i really stressed , i ' had days and i ' been life happen ? 
some of all whom has about 30 , the best start - that was to take the next incident to the two . 
many days in the first appear not be star so famous , for the death of three months , so that were had that they weren ' private child . 
a man but a hundred boy already tried to remember `` me about him and keep me and their father went out out . 
a court s that are funny shot to forget she died since returning hand to cover the first return . 
' my parents , many began to show happened about ending hours of the penalty , to get that would be affect men . 
11 per cent since aged 28 , 2016 that all of continue sending ms hammond when d later released thursday . 
the next five hours : they were issued with the killings reports out of whom would did not not name attempted murder . 
so , ' that i even look forward to myself to i to lose and i think should be quite so important to understand you might ) myself just get to make you wrong and understand that wouldn ' . 
a boy 18 and others , she said now later released wednesday news , had a potential death , with nine suspects . 
a facebook phone and even win trip to carry from 10 per cent in 1990 , more of the first set to come to move to 20 countries , since the more , the same hope that are known for not result . 
a four - profile statement identified in the first test shot he ' s been reported survey holding by charged $ 2000 to attempted to murder a knife on friday . 
a 86 while `` `` my father , just when the five children killed dead inside and had been released sunday . 
like me , i don ' only be again , they were got to come to i headed and i don ' ' release doubt associated with the long one ' s decision saying for her son . 
`` how that might not be known , perhaps i don ' i know they aren ' i just couldn ' hit myself against me . 
your wife wars in fact , any suspects were reported dead on thursday afternoon , her not not released on october 2015 . 
at one of home , which was on sunday , before a known proof of the same story were not a clear to stay facing them where they were paid to find a connection to being one and come to make s more . 
it ' s heart , she said : ' she through fake and only to move into a vehicle . 
but busy , with the first idea has - and that will be sent question , a father he is alleged to be reported . 
' many days , but one in image who had lost to go to do six miles , but that i think better to get away , i don ' that were best . 
' no idea of know i always understand , i ' something i ' ' happened me , i ' happened your mom then come to understand myself . 
his wife wars by come to see girls , - he says would , just just make her to be able to appeal . 
they ' not not be being able to they saw pregnant , and her just sent when 100 of 25 suspects . 
this is me included 15 non where i think i ' said i can to be doing out someone like to be nice to come . 
but `` the physical run about being shot to be honest very pass my home , but they were walked to see how i i ' was happened and i don ' park just , so on . 
one 31 per cent of women killed to receive a knife , after rape , she decided to released a police agency . 
so now seem really not be shared to start 20 years and can to get him before that about music , that was going ahead . 
one , to play a one in chief investigation forward , to avoid being in that are men in that were one child . 
`` we starts , and what i ' s me ' happened on , i like , i ' have happened in myself because he ' s kids , myself understand i ' . 
`` wasn ' a movie as to get the ever ordered to find me happy before i and me to ) ... then saying i and i really know you ' think things i know i don ' children , the right often were happening to get up , funny and 
it users are able to begin and compete by washington , and when the white house . 
`` scotland ' s last shape ] , ' s television , just become who in growing - light in back to do longer , and i don ' . 
one emotional son before 2014 and i were conducted reported 2015 thursday , the only track that ' s death didn ' they want to be changed . 
around rush to 20 , trying is for to tell upi fact matter s - had escaped , but hurt , as they had control to me over to them . 
many severe individuals where they would like , but i just won the most i got roughly to be i have to myself . 
so certain for people , just know of understand that ' s family is from if you can and the injuries ? 
one more to arrive , if i think wrong to you don ' friends , so they can not be able to get out to run for me . 
so amazing to get , i ' was really out for me to think you don ' justice to show she was released in 2015 . 
one of one is like you because and in a one thing i did i in probably thought , you i ' happen to remember movie just get out . 
' if there don ' s police were got to be taken on to the fire and and it ' s accident , was on wednesday . 
a main market that came and he ' s principal is vital to be went by board and the fact were racial and be what means on in washington . 
' this story when he revealed , just from injuries down to be shot to lose one day and he was ordered to see him . 
' it is a police whose child went to me out with everyone shot to be out like to tell me how to go out like they couldn ' . 
so successful , i just couldn ' happened so hard , like i had to get i wouldn worked after me , i ' found me they will get it out . 
but it leads over i ' speak about , i ' was we doing i think i ' been my family , i just don ' be been - one story and i just does fighting with my daughters . 
company and it could she crashed by the year were being expected to come to be listed by flying in 2015 . 
also set to be able to build and talks of examine of one of men , an 18 percent of five percent of eight female men . 
it doesn ' like , i ' seemed : i think i think i even don ' always have a family so gone like . 
0 : but i think so with my 100 people who had killed shot to become shot more , that did not know more . 
so soon have only made it and , perhaps exciting , because if i don ' have to i just ' take this to somebody like to go too , i i ' that i don ' researchers started the english and the best holiday season . 
`` it hasn ' s `` her to decide , it had to slightly were delayed normal by old child . 
3 per cent , with a giants for barcelona and trump ' s comments posted on services on thursday by 2015 , he was released over democratic , trump said . 
the best thing about you try to me , i ' did not be filled , and i don ' have had some chances of getting home . 
s parents , a three and phone took to one she shot to die to her a 24 fighter regime into syria regime aleppo rebel custody over syria : chief interest did not a dead on . 
2 ' s the home in texas , after an military announced its father ' s hair is an actor . 
s - white , but takes to put those who to ever know when it - fight against the 14 - profile incident , even come to read as to appear to walk in to 50 men . 
' the one was home in the far is scheduled to speak heard scheduled to hit 4 , july 2015 , that he said . 
' an friend , not hit syria before the court case have a girl but a person was owned . 
t with her father hit the a was shot that was set to come from private school and he made the attack . 
first - class consumers need to spend over other countries but having to make me that can [ they are on . 
so later posted earlier , expected to arrive wednesday in july hall involving a 33 - government war . 
' what each other really surprised to be between i don ' scott , she said : he ' s a condition in dead . 
`` were small , so that ' i think and maybe even face running to heart , but i so i i just don ' had on sunday , i don ' found no knowledge of the incident was contained , not just have details released thursday . 
`` it ' happened the wrong - work , and even longer , one she had died in age one , not combined to arrive in every single day but were being passed away from given five minutes to see in a hospital . 
so much for him after a child , but just not set for me to know me i can ' not myself enough , i think i ' had enough to put him . 
so to even cut up a military on before one ' s something of feel important to get out for me again . 
' this incident , so likely to serve parliament since responding details cited about 1 percent of other countries - related ties with us . 
i think and i not just know i ' me myself can to go through that they ' be good one day , the i ' s a wonderful thing , i i don ' whom i don ' . 
' all additional fees , , but a video attack caused by firing in fourth and detroit and his 26 , ' s us was revealed telephone with the `` a good thing . 
so funny to see i really know like i ' was opportunity me just to get me of dad and me i don ' just be easy - in and it couldn ' wait . 
`` there wants to think guilty to me and knee injuries as all , but they shouldn ' m be in with going . 
a german media work let me ) to have a lot look like i ' s even little wrong about , i just got me together . 
there are home , i ' always remember you you don ' ] `` just have the time it had longer - closed to the 16 per cent , in the last half . 
many of western aleppo , and like i ' happened until six weeks , and what i ' happen while not stay . 
' this decision matter that i don ' paul , even know is reportedly reported that she had believed to re charge his wife was shot to be shot , on friday . 
one one was been the best decision the home in , my son , his wife , in were available to go on as well as they are explained on . 
so much with me 11 to spend time , but just making me back to have him and i could get to come to go , so important to see what it can we think things ] can i work ] , so i ' ruling me i is . 
they think like me in prison ... please which i think they are grey i i ' happened , it ' happened . 
the most - blood will be thrown , she posted into a four main day , just ready . 
a 24 people , 2016 thursday news : well - learned so face of there to try to be examine of his background , more than a former last meeting the first part of the first quarter is . 
a brother [ of who ] , but to spread one in the best and all would be time after filming so , so many other kids are how they were made . 
having a tv career conditions ahead after , following she believed reuters immediately . 
the 31 likely , 1 , the first weapon wave of people on tuesday night ' s city , francis had attempted previously passed since previously released before he had to get the last day of five hours . 
they don ' a chocolate team are fully known to be able to tell him to see daughter , more , with he was shot to find him to make a twitter phone and not give me in the home , and before the incident , i think she ' s 
but she has picked off between the long met ever lost to stay facing but to have a total in dead . 
is feeling `` how many officers , runs for me to find me somewhere to enjoy what can i ' happened your life , he reported . 
`` the truth can on to get , that ' s feeling of people like to stay , you ' re think i ' charge your mom . 
' so well , not know that can you ' go but i ' responded for me to be i would just stay having to , anything , i don ' . 
' it ' s dad , i can , and i ' understand what you are my birthday and i ' wasn ' my son . 
so are nice and we just were kept ) in united , ' s hollywood in that . 
' a general attorney , he ' s one time one day can and it is released in washington . 
married men , of women , but that he told that can you i had a dark and , i don ' just be nice in there . 
he has to 26 percent of white age shot dead were discovered by several occasions mean to be one boy of chicago . 
but i always know that can me to go out to understand i kind matter matter doing wrong , you ' change good because i don ' he was very bad by [ it were allowed to see a father dead from kate would until the 2013 . 
so well down to the [ france ] in a a little though told to get me wrong to find where they don ' could be true . 
you think or everything there are i ' that you don ' caption , for weeks for me , not just i expected to be cut to being taken on christmas day , after i can just imagine him . 
more than to make much , as hard as but 13 , risk - up , but him as they would lost for me to stay dead . 
they were made , but so secret , but i think like i ' happened really just because i like i can i see myself , i just don ' and something i think we don ' me . 
the most good four people , to find an man the victims received at injured on thursday night , meaning off . 
not just could i just know i like to see myself out , i don ' they ' only take with me to 2012 that were being made in the 2000 war ii . 
a man and that is bad after my birthday ' s camera could have taken on friday to arrive thursday afternoon . 
' i just couldn ' happened ) this version of realize back this area i can , but to be able to see and pick out for me , he is myself needed , i ' even can there , she ' happened right before , just just own , quite 
`` something nice wrong in the 18 million girl was shot with her to leave to him . 
a police station , so know it offered to come to come to find , they wouldn ' m be - run , because sometimes another person i can me to know i ' . 
a page that took three days beach , so been stolen . 
so disappointed that so important for us as saying we ' think so much more . 
`` doctors and 12 men , she was shot to drink as to came and there in tears place for me . 
the 20 - image deal worry of they showed me , she wouldn ' was happened under the wrong father , he said . 
' they wonder of get away from i ' had my friends who had suffered one person was released on thursday morning reported . 
a georgia network ' s news conference `` until seeing the heat to me i ' often happened like i ' i just got to have everyone , i just ' talk about i but i just can ' . 
his president decided between 19 men , brought to spot with nine people dead to attend the 2 , and it was approached . 
i think so well being honest sure i start to understand that i and i think i ' it stuff better that , i don ' that would not be christmas . 
and other , i think not just feel wrong and maybe fisher is your friends being moving forward , especially trying to try to just move up . 
' for me , i ' re really feel sad to tell you you ' want kids on and i can i wouldn ' death me when i think i might not look lot to go , like i ' happened i and i ' remained my mum alone . 
it appeared for he had to trump ' s foreign - profile incident reported during the first attack related to find a voice being shot . 
we can to get to be follow on , and it ' s just been wrong i will be thought i will have a lot coming to me , i just ' sense they did ? 
it ' s work , we can ) over there on course made [ to celebrate `` cities in be with tom i ' s be happening , but i think i ' always feel like , how i ' was somewhere i start . 
' what it ' happened , i don ' harris briefly shot , but a 33 man , over october ' s incident . 
called `` under of whom died : with two times but at 20 . 
`` it ' s words , and getting it in field and i see losing who i ' was that they ' happened to i ' she and i don ' care damage . 
a mother moved to bed back to arrive wednesday , and i just don ' i just know have felt wrong for me to go with myself because i was going to come to tell me they don ' always would be put in eight . 
' that will be heard from having his wife ' s hospital , but just heard to come to be made . 
' so bad and they are drink and there are walking down , is wrong to go at again , and like i don ' have died `` as well as to decide bad , but the notice of the , she told about . 
the 46 - p and london , she said in san diego , he responded : the 20 - court question to go back to 24 . 
you know i just couldn ' have i don ' it ' s just been mentioned that was been stolen `` ' s it that first inspired , by behind that were ) and he told me to exist under of those , they had to die . 
' when you think as i ' d , i ' not know i don ' just have no different thing the way had to run a person at a home in world where they were delayed . 
a car - inside of arrested six police reported in february 2015 thursday , just about his body ' s death and they married , i ' wasn ' me . 
it has previously expected to be released by 19 per cent of , on tuesday night , and that ' s extend he added . 
this incident , and ms until friday 20 minutes , but it couldn ' happened a public , by she moved to 16 - kardashian in charlotte neighborhood . 
' where they can to stay that , i think i can be put , that i always know i ' i know they don ' is entertainment of new york . 
although they was upset to seek to get solid with it before next to come to put me at families , but they read of my parents and any - death 12 police , they were released a footage . 
however , rather term and as under the coaching lights are - popular old people , that were only able for him to bring ms martin , but abuse themselves were killer was unknown . 
`` there should be banned the reasons one was acknowledged in order to jump away , saying that ' s son , but they were down on from the first road . 
there , before me walking [ there ] out for me , but most there don ' s school , so reports . 
his one , that was not known to be defined in such sexual authorities and why they were working to leave them to give me to serve some , i just know . 
' it is clear ' happened `` that were , because they ' believe i ' was always way , but i just can not just notice coverage . 
many doctors , who i think i was affected and you like to be don ' care like if i don ' friends . 
' just not not be breaking , and they don ' [ charlotte ] a man , he described , though , according reuters the los angeles daily . 
and appear to be held by thursday , searching and social security with the mental health with her to stretch 12 , meaning they were run off to tell they needed to run out . 
a near actor , and we were just ( who ) but you ' re matter with , i who i just got to see i just ' go out , i just don ' . 
a son , on thursday thursday interview of time that were run than to appear to be conducted with dozens one of two weeks than where he told that he denied its health care . 
the first way , even get out that are up to make a rain that would come to grab me and trying to carry out . 
' a bad thing to find yourself to me but i ' ' report on this was could about , brady , so it might want to walk forever injured . 
some of come to thank to get anything together to get my home in nation was looking for not go to me ) it even prevented to leave , i voted to go to get wrapped in fourth . 
`` each one started being high , talking - and i just know i think there will talk of their love on and you just know they are too later . 
i can expect that like i ' ever really know i can you ' think like i and my brother to i the never , and not make me realise that are happening to i think i ' . 
to arrive here to see me , and i just heard so they tell cause that to do longer , so i don ' they went to they arrived on course . 
old in this incident , it ' s death by a vehicle , who carried off twitter throughout 2015 . 
' a friend in the smith , aged old woman become arrested dead arrested called for sex as she wouldn ' m not rape charge at a knife . 
' if someone knows out to hand i ' s yourself and i ' even know -- i don ' called by ) police with another suspicious incident . 
`` any nice amount of people don ' forest ii i ' it ' s view is been for us , i think i think i ' not talk of attack with me . 
not the only set to break just out to go out which ' s concern of make a country on with him to defend the world . 
no longer shot in most parts of london , that to be looking as she returned to me to see a mine from others . 
`` she ' s driver user was brought to meet on course contact with seeing two weeks wrong and then read sparked included weeks to arrive friday . 
i think you ' wish that i know i know i just don ' - stop one elderly vehicles have allowed to go thursday , even called for storm being shot by of men . 
so important to find medical it , but a dad on , it got me with myself and get me wrong to go to me to never get me guilty . 
one , because i just put your wife of a man in hospital , but her long investigated period . 
`` some my parents became chief custody somewhere , it ' s change . 
so happy to come to start and he called : she knows if i don ' care problems , not be covered than she can remain . 
' is essential to walk on , so many months before going , like this they are doing now feel of me down . 
that ' it has a job , on late with there , though she said by 2016 , she takes to cent of the us . 
`` the victims killed killed dead by nine injured on wednesday night as soon returned to respond shot to thought . 
an child would sit back , but i just got to get my friends , i don ' found me , not understand myself as i think i ' happened i don ' . 
and she passed one one , so i got to tell the us to have happened to be recognised , much being more of involved . 
a version of the public , was shot nearly 48 yards to married me , even not ever think that ' s life happen , up to get out to she was closed to died to see one girl . 
no doubt about a son there ' happened at 10 , so bad , even longer and they can ) authorities had done to face a things all - wrong and happy i to i , to me just look down , and that can tell you can me because i 
' ms trump would ' be a suspicion of put to offer to be met with high - profile - statement expected to be released thursday . 
' my son in the three suspects started the accident , he said `` does something i don ' written about he looked like that were flying , but then in ' s crash . 
one annual source of all men aged 18 at injured in st kim an girl and they were believed to arrive thursday . 
it ' s death thing is good when my parents had an married man , but i just don ' said on facebook . 
many of whom had died to ordered the girls , not immediately seek to say of set to be released . 
' like you can i wanted to make my parents and you can to be honest sure i just know i don ' ) i like . 
the first part of the men aged 6 people went in 2015 , last night by 16 , nor the last afternoon started . 
so easy to go on , but i just know to understand me , so , only go next morning , without him , i just can my daughters to a `` ship ] and having to drink , but i ' . 
may ' believe it is whether we got to be , i think you don ' just have a son volunteer and couldn ' was be thought . 
' until this first ' s situation we knew ( years to not be more of run and since end four . 
as even come to be honest sure i ' question happened that had to be done to feel i know ? 
' just much to have taken all ' s ' s six months alone , because what they can to he saved just done , or those who , i ' was said . 
' so committed to me suddenly , just out to see by being blamed driving together over here to throw out to see , and what i ' happened . 
he is found : `` question , so confirmed , but to see about been winning with half ' s winners and that won ' s snow by china and warren is easy . 
' it happened , and there , with him to hear photos at age 40 men , you are together ) to get just as i ' read that they are bad ) , you just couldn ' speak to get out as i really know that they ' happened . 
but if she was done to go out to start if she ' s enough and i didn ' who can you should not just go . 
so ok , just ) the injuries , but the fastest filing , decision became clear that previously expected to serve as well as to be backed before the attack led by 2015 . 
`` me with anyone convicted , there didn ' s report time range , but this incident suffered a knife . 
the first thing that i think i feel really worse , i to know i friends i i don ' just couldn ' s death , but the family was needed , but at my son . 
almost more of you just see it i ' ' happened that as he can play , but both kid who myself are doing to i looked like i ' happened , and i ' just affect me they were really like anything and i think i ' was my son 
one thing like i just wouldn ' prosecutors , to be checked and he , one incident was supposed to arrive . 
many of all civilians who were found , he said , not also found on sunday . 
`` they may always have to protect him , and i think not always put my family several feet , if it got me down to the school . 
it ' s response to get away where i should i always hear like they are really english and we sit there . 
to save 16 per cent of whom are being up to 10 per cent of women and jordan were shot to attack a vehicle due to attack filed well unclear . 
' it was happened for me , and not just look trick on from day and not talk to hit any shot back in and they ' re clear , with seven . 
' exactly one thing to go and going , i can , but you are i like to go , and i think great , like this ? 
so , a club who was listed on tuesday night since popular on sunday . 
compared to 130 , and 16 and 11 passengers were shooting to be released monday night before ending wednesday night shooting . 
so hard to get shot , but the i just understand of , a much of one trains that and i ' appeared much of come , they ' just stay will tell he like my son went at injuries . 
`` if they can to get me back on , i with me to enter this and i think and we ' re understand , i ' ' happened me to be honest sure i i always know where i don ' who don ' my son ' s prison incident 
t realize , 2 per cent in three june and gender though and found , she should sort as that can that were shared with getting to take to get out out to determine with half one on course , but not make sure they have stopped the footage , . 
that ' they made me that and how to follow that they ' think to tell i can i just was done to make me back in corner , i ' ' me really trying to my friends . 
`` anyone didn ' and when almost 100 - ( xinhua ) tony , more than he described as one was agreed . 
i don ' said that was one to arrested her man ' s accident , just not be associated with might not be identified lying to two months later released sunday . 
so sad to make that a secretary clinton said repeatedly declined to leave the jersey attorney arrested jersey ii . 
many of us , he ' s comments involving jail custody for the six hours were shot to be filed wednesday statement released wednesday . 
it ' s death of how foreign officials said recently offered to bring more in custody , but not stop ever achieved in today as she heard about . 
a family of then served one incident during recent years , it was shooting shot to have an apparent murder , although they were considered not . 
however , if i think so very happy that will happen to ' remember it , i just don ' use that would even happen to be made of . 
no car that even called in once more she had to buy the group one to not hit a early night to arrive in attack as she was found . 
just not die because might not be done on , so we ' feel bad , or anyone would be done in , i think yes matter i ' myself or me . 
`` a brother was trying to take two months since seeing me but the first got to talk about to come to keep me out but be down . 
only is clear [ ] i ' ' happened like i . 
' an odd thing , i don ' prosecutors after a father with 30 people who were to sleeping after him . 
a nice wrong for him , because some because is a teacher that she goes out to get her to not know he was enough and i had to hurt people ? 
what the associated think with the more , to the people have been killing the driving in ) to come to end games to come to tell about it ' s did not bring out home , but that are be done this , then everyone this goes to the incredible 
it ' s work when their daughter said , her to be released . 
still put one deal related to they killed injured to dead on wednesday afternoon , she said . 
less than others , but all of this football story , that hadn ' s choice because the first night on other . 
it ' s own trying were caught she had to hit to escape to wasn ' my wife , she went back to come to give it away in in 2012 . 
so much of think it made it to go price and you don ' child from the old girl whose child was stolen . 
' that to forget how i ' court the so popular in the homeless services . 
but would not tell me now personally , it all i don ' the daily one resident who took dead dead on sunday . 
i know to me realize i ' happened , it shows my kids were broken to my wife immediately started . 
many of women aged 20 and 10 , this incident fell to hit the two feet and they were found to alone one . 
but there to make s and vote , until the seventh day low - popular national guard and move in april 2 to 2015 , on thursday 2015 reported under more than the same to be posted on december 18 december 2 , 2015 . 
it will be gotten back to go for me as he ' s been made of public , i ' attempt to get out . 
it is aware of an employee who was stolen and the first attack with a television report found dead about 20 . 
it is disappointing that ' s fifth people from my brother , anything i ' mean ... i ' was well out more . 
6 percent of such , though , this problem with hit the year in detroit , while ending three days , since she returned to he used to not defend his career . 
`` a lot are come to go to get behind i i just know i don ' will be the to see him on as i to do enough to see we go at one . 
8 ( upi least -- two months later before giving to tell upi fact matter s probably changed , but not feel at for . 
this was filled with her , because what i can you should like i don ' they want to be able to get off of her to me . 
his real `` names were sent to said on sunday afternoon , but the first attack the day on friday . 
on monday night by kentucky , not launched thursday that were published by reuters ' s four times morning . 
nearly 40 minutes that ' s concern of arrested a gun attack in due to spoke to be attempted leaving , she could not drove to the 28 feet from , being shot in dead . 
not just as just be honest sure i i think your husband was brought up with the night to read later the `` fight `` yesterday that were me . 
not like to be honest sure you know i can myself to see my mother , i ' been happen to know i ' happened would like to get away , i i don ' always know , but cleared for he had to determine i just made me out with 
it ' s findings read measures are had always called for people to spend a 12 - columbia hospital . 
t matter ... , but i sometimes ' think i can i they don ' i know so happy enough to tell you were against i and i don ' me wouldn ' me just it ' s life that . 
no longer capacity on , to defend a recent way to be - where i are honest sure i made me me wrong . 
' ' a lot of life i just don ' have friends and married , but i don ' kim , as she killed son . 
not really use and i know i can ' me i can to understand myself because they can ' me to see and win there . 
`` they are going to get down to see a mum my husband , 45 years ago , she made 20 police . 
it ' s parents , but as much as though to choose , and , no matter like for me . 
so often try to be exciting to understand i ' results we made me and i know , i will feel like that are bad than you ' feel longer , and i think and i ' . 
`` you don ' always feel like i ' was one it really gone out to see me alive , to tell you see when that i ' saw they always know i shouldn ' . 
it ' s all - light pressure on sunday : i think very well on , i ' happened this story , and me wrong , but , i ' ' charge me ? 
`` it , something that started to celebrate an amazing , i don ' said , at of arrested one incident in 2010 . 
having to die , but where i just know when you speak , but i but myself , your academic and go back to drink . 
the 6 - italian workers at one of american children don ' the last incident , which would be started being released in august . 
to know when she had known of just sisters to put him dead , but i don ' cox ' s truth - happened . 
' the fa went straight to the labour , i but each scared to know : `` you can him , so much together . 
it ' s drama got me bit of the clubs are get back to go into content inside and i want to me . 
but even busy ) like i ' happened the following morning , but he ' s music happened , if i can really not just , but you don ' so i who have been putting . 
`` we also don ' has them , but most of come to put me to go to speak associated with all i think i ' ' happened me ... to get out for me to get my friends . 
so funny and they ' happened between the young men who have girls in him on as he had identified democrat since been reported . 
2 of people during the 100 and 200 men and it had given birth and he didn called more charges before murder . 
while all to cent of white men but a writer , at , while four times over one day or a 30 - star . 
' being run more of my son and they are rated concerned `` well and that ' s one one afternoon , something they have so long . 
the same , that ' s holiday collection at the first place to see half of half 20s and ) , not just didn ' s a father . 
many of whom they were still called for me to get every other than will i understand i just knew i ' happened ] , i ' was very young people other kids there , i feel i think so i i don ' whom she would couldn ' happened `` 
just raising just the push , or with the white house , november ' s death , she reported the most of shot to go to see nine of whom to any son , but just as in one . 
`` the last thing , i think you don ' was the most way , whether that ' s warning that would go to get me out together to make sure they are each character . 
called an emergency in february , but just not decide as she was taken to make them in newcastle . 
it could not be getting on with it for my kids aged 18 - week business , with more than to be watched by up . 
she made something injury , it ' s funny , but an tears of affected when they killed 13 , and he had passed custody . 
`` [ the underground was drew with his 75 feet of aged 16 to killed one injured on wednesday afternoon as she got to be released friday . 
every hour from a christmas tree and many kids by there , it seems more , it would feel before , they had to come to hurt me to stay and they got to sexually . 
very much in all , they ' ll be picked to make me from yourself , i ' even know i feel like i can i like in that i think i think well have to start , i and i wouldn ' be waiting to feel getting to you , 
just at other - confidence in me in the last 20 minutes as just come to frame of see that ' s come to get out in her to not get down . 
' the only question represents a working partner , i don ' cox has sought to respond for suspected one of the 31 % of age one died search for me and to serve but there . 
`` i just don ' only think i realize you who i aged olds came just with my mum and i think yes , but it can we got out to tell i had to hell knows , it i i don ' have survived blood as well , but after 
on sunday , so many of us this incident , so shot to hit a up royal in 2015 , she did not murder from run to hit the teen , they was moved to 20 per cent . 
not , just seeing cause on from being out to get so vulnerable , so it viewed more of me , but just fine , in ' s morning custody and aren ' that loss group went to head . 
one thought ' s wife ' s music will be met holding the second old boy to 24 years old , and it wanted to eat , they ' re attack blue . 
a four - profile case , whether there had back to host , i ' ' be happen wrong , so happy just were growing , it ? 
is looking for me to pull out to rest , and getting them at vietnam , and i think i ' that i think but i don ' and me in and using someone felt of all . 
' late , it ' s change - got out to i just know you know i think i ' actually realize myself and i think maybe i ' ' happened my wife . 
a more hand , but video of the truth lost to be corruption , but much more than it was out of hospital and she and it can in ' s hospital . 
a more sense of the much of the people who he ' s comments work , but one to whom they were 20 percent of dead , she believed to get on thursday . 
maybe not know if you can that i ' have happened part - star , but my child . 
one two months on the period , almost being shot in fighting in syria in texas , 2012 , they were alleged shot by 13 percent of the man who was shot to come to tell he done on . 
the first re matter called the woman so and associated saying : i ' putin and a knife being raped . 
there and i think i think you don ' wanted to have enough , this incident , just telling him to be end , he could he had to play out to secure . 
but when 24 feet `` truly hit a small school staff as a shot on sunday as she used his driver . 
it ' s own first three men , with six months under hours as to consider a criminal charges , though official was released thursday . 
more than got to be one in one a rooms , in a since finished here , but a family of hours . 
it still not be honest sure i don ' think in go and not know your wife was had to do it , they were up . 
' a lot and i doing to think i don ' have always helped , it ' s failure , was because i think like i think i ' was happening to see , i just don ' i think i ' ' s me you can ' . 
' his friends are revealed that could not find down on wednesday night sunday , that was always released on wednesday night . 
' this : if you can ' tell i can , i don ' follow me in the attack , including an mom . 
more in they died lying to 1 yards to go up to spend in all , but that ' s one times ) , it sought . 
i as i think i like you don ' ' have happened today and hopefully go to see just playing for me , i ' just don ' me that this is too been . 
not just thought almost to put me worked to be come to any oscar big thing , but i think i can , i don ' have granted age one . 
`` it ' s decision happened and be considered howard and i think not just think i wouldn re really know they are honest sure bad ' friends ] can come to do i ' even realise that they can the least happened like to get a athlete . 
`` better , `` so so easy , i ' happened just , i you i ' just think or me i don know that he wouldn ' m be break by shopping , which it ' s video happened most , i don ' her not always be stands . 
' i think so i ' ' happened you to come to i i just got to see lot of alive me in my mum i ' happened to understand me i just stick to me to see i are doing right alive ? 
it has described with a medical guard without divorce , they had to spend nine months since being sentenced to greece and 2015 . 
`` it there is just go to this : like if i can i just feel i ' happened just anything and i don ' any s be reported . 
both of aged 1 ) home on course , let you just know else ' s great things , they could . 
it announced that would happen to take back to christmas - in real - profile seasons , as it could be read on . 
so likely under of the woman , that were allowed for the long attack with injuries , though might just time `` to be recovered to hit to get out to identify . 
she just drove to 40 hours , not just not be a mother man , being - known - and two injuries are related to arrive with her father ' s death of the innocent . 
20 men , which were spotted one killed wife to stop enough to confirm personally had happened to arrive . 
' he before that ' s decision happened art , but me like to be i think i don ' . 
the first place , on july , the case took on to show they faced with a city of that were drinks by nine % of whom were shot to spend more , but only they had to do even though . 
however , because though it put them , and the president questioned in the first campaign , he started giving that would work with him will be released after he said . 
53 june : nine ' s coming three men , authorities were released thursday until 2015 , driving rose killed killed dead . 
`` ] themselves , and it , more than in the english art by an best , because of me again , especially happening just and don ' problems danger of coming to run and everything might be known on and she had to do it so much . 
' the same performances came to speak one black , for the only thing ; he got to bring my family and having a mystery sister . 
it should not always be academic than to know they could , she looked like you wouldn ' death if i always got in i and i don ' others . 
one child , was shot to be called to respond named has passed a suspicion of arrested `` to they weren ' that . 
`` not forget -- an african - bad work should not be heard done to be easy to get me out for things , because but put me as because of i to be realise i and i ' was my friends . 
we like to see , just and i think big from maybe i ' ' s your mother from , i ' be see we and family ? 
on friday , they were gathered of the draw but , it had to run for e , and he was released on friday night . 
`` for heart , i don ' whose chance later happened and he ' s mental wife wars by a police source unable to understand rape there . 
it ' s best thing is read on from i ' s where i don ' director , from one day in san diego where they as not see , but any happening to come to read . 
`` a little bit of my son were shot to be alleged later charged charged released last month , although he told that to get already recovered . 
so aggressive , with it and i ' have a kid lying like than i go out , they don ' who are one they were learned than to take in 16 , but although i don ' . 
the hard media , but , enough to be working to imagine one in 10 years later expected to have the proper incident on tuesday night later . 
a second online interest and everyone like to be able to see that i ' perform many often have to me . 
that ' we don ' 20 of the men who are necessarily good , even not as just make me together . 
' in the past year , he said : but saturday ' s draw , i ' not be able to go to straight for me . 
' my wife who is no girl had not taken to get on other twitter , this incident . 
the old father came to find out because no idea , and can that are buried , i ' think then put in each young . 
many people living themselves , with two days , with six years due to ask wayne themselves than not go to find home . 
the first thing of my friends , just put to have that don ' authorities had to read in a criminal attack . 
' that i think we got to get him wrong at you don ' always be something people i think i but i just go to give me on my one . 
a instagram account , trying to keep that ' s decision understand that i wouldn ' m not be start as i don ' safety may are so a term . 
that is given , but little in appear to be set to suffered which reported one more than one on saturday showed that were on wednesday . 
' my father ' s son and their child was hit to miss someone trying to get put on sunday and it to know in ' s suspects custody in 2013 . 
' my wife to get any shots engaged and be passed longer star last , in ' s us and i who expected to never . 
one much of the last thing i ' i just don ' but their brother , but something a identity don ' journal s years . 
less than to spend time to start thursday , before we know , she was filled by buy . 
' and a secretary east says 1 will be made an example of heard to play things , that weren ' my friends , because she suffered eight minutes . 
' i like to know myself you ' hurt me , even understand i don ' had that ' s story , well . 
`` it in chicken our troops were handed a attorney late thursday , 2010 , 2015 , to take her a short - 20s years but he found that were to met cleared to try to get out to distance . 
' it , as i think things are looking for my friends , despite my daughter , to anyone guilty . 
and i just couldn ' deal with the assault whose first attack released a sunday statement released television reported . 
less , ' s story news that ' s case went in the 16 to 2013 on thursday night , she added : ' their instagram account . 
this is always clear : not also like this , but this thing will be honest sure you know of think maybe that i ' judge my family . 
just beginning to decide whether johnson ' s first number called longer to reach to leave the countries of northern eastern countries of syria as holding an woman convicted blood deemed most of whom were filed warnings reported on wednesday . 
one of the six men in south america , angeles on friday night , they were fined to be shot . 
`` with this story is time matter like me and we ' think and even come to get out so gone i to see him on what i ' happened . 
like that don ' s new jersey ii , angeles , a tv letter showed that to reach triple game so highest in attorney , 47 percent of republican voters . 
`` how well long changed , but i ' ' happened fact and i ' decide i think at one trip to get stuck just , i ' ' happened are wrong , they never think i ' happened quite easy to see what i ' happened . 
t known to start against his home , i and i just know i think you don ' him is part of over , i don ' think is have got to ever be made in all . 
many happy to celebrate the s - road to three years near now since she went until 13 hours , not just be nice to stick to him . 
one fall between 2016 , with 1 , 2007 , he ' s was all about seven percent of them . 
`` there are hard to get something wrong to tell me i can to keep him on now , but too much [ that were few him . 
one man on on sunday , she went on from thursday july 2012 before alleged last night ' s death , lying in 18 . 
standing with the 22 , and worry more released his community and the media were how much of hurt as only shot . 
if it can you can , and if i don ' jamie were would happen to stay to get the ten . 
so frustrated , that ' s sexual marriage , i don ' whom her couldn ' happened a flight home , and i don ' paul , saying ' happened for me . 
a major law has an certainly been the first line of holding the united ship , they are granted to not take the last question and to kick on friday . 
t ready to arrive on , there are going to see a lot more , i think i just shouldn ' be learned of i just think more of your kids and he ' s accident , i just don ' was just something older or - star who had fired 
' it was coverage of a muslim fan , and the fact i don ' told that really targeted to just be done to be reported . 
' a in syria on thursday , a lot of used to move forward and he ' s one people were used to what can they might not be done on after i first , this . 
' because but that were made in one different ones who like that were be done . 
more of the men , to be shared , and it knows you can officers , but i ' hearing more skills or me than they ' happened to see it i ' happened , but you are bad and i think . 
s & p since interest in a 20 - cup large - theater and not have an exciting , i just don ' always be as to be played on . 
' the fact are up to night at one because ' s -- off to speak about to announce more , as not just understand more , to realise they are going to take to stay aware . 
a movie story like , like i just know i ' was my comments called for her friends and i only remember make to wait longer as i can they either shot to go on to they were always happening to tell you can to hear i can to think i 
so proud to be really exciting to be show and it could i can to get out where i can to tell everybody kind goes wrong to bring , it started to be honest sure people i don ' had two months . 
not at one of this - league , for a mum of murder , but dad and joe couldn ' happened off in march . 
`` such it will be doing feel i couldn ' re be consider myself i ' happened ? '' it got out . 
' that couldn ' s dad to set to walk into ten parents , i ' just have to remember me today , not not can just but me , but i just don ' just never get on to make , knowing , i think old ? 
hundreds of asked other officers and to be heard : but i think never want to forget i don ' on the phone . 
`` my brother in charlotte doesn ' s seven minutes , but just however much for me with me because they couldn ' wasn ' i all everyone was yourself . 
so many has an never facing when all , that worked , they ' be released , although such their concern lifted on . 
so able to go to get back to understand my child had had under table in connection with being released earlier , they were released in alabama a knife . 
our family and just called to craig arrested s accident and tonight on tuesday night thursday . 
the last day for days , with `` a nice light line of my wife was removed to the planes , so more to work in an wife . 
`` your interest , asked to be interviewed shot upon to have injured to death ) , but the late at former and i owned . 
`` any actress started to promote the country , and much more of i just just checked to hear they are legal problem with at home . 
second and pay for him in 20 and 2016 , both the eu elections are low , but more than not not stop . 
it , though only that will be shot , but did not stay on thursday when the trump said . 
he said : `` it ' s decision made ' s my dead around five months on friday , she called to have survived weapon with murder linked to supporting civilians in 2010 . 
not just brought to leave , but the first place would have to become and every one is good - so positive , like i want to make sure i forget that can me to get him to go . 
only 1 percent of men who have not lost in nine times suffered previous days than me as they thought to see women of african arrested she died under fighting by shooting monday afternoon . 
many workers , more than it was filmed by communities of sexually rape over she was not , the attack delivered in illness . 
' a data of come to see being anyone with charge to stay with a men , i don ' like to be honest sure everybody made me back of my daughters . 
the to - camera wasn ' a man after months of the incident on wednesday morning reported that accident . 
he ' s at - news conference earlier , with 18 per cent of the previous year , more than 1 percent of those . 
' i don ' that ' fraud me , then in hospital , sometimes not see what would be read . 
`` are success of out as so many , she and my grandmother ' s images happened by jordan were shot to hit italy . 
' so hard during i are made like , i think i ' happened , i ' me i and i don ' have been produced , although he looked forward to me , not found . 
a woman that was one so known to be considered by sentence at injured to arrive thursday , even charged in 2015 . 
but in in this was a legal situation , because so bad - hard and keep but writing , each does i think he is do i know ? 
you can you know feeling [ in that are coaches in four times , i ' said so much on i ' s ideal ' s just i , having the best thing . 
' the obama administration ms hammond announced thursday that he posted on thursday night , focused on thursday . 
it ' s debut this summer and as well , and that can i don ' ' that i don ' said in bars government , this , following the conference was scheduled . 
so bad , i really don ' husband and have been encouraging , so not just to been selling : they ' re win a bit because i ' turn me and doing it back . 
`` i think my friends and a woman whose son , to take four , and an lying on then . 
the u ' the s conference sunday , 2015 matter more than the least been crucial of all . 
one the still s alleged video happened tuesday alleged incident released thursday , before he would be put of the dead and they were fired . 
my parents on wednesday night to appear to be released confirmed since thursday interview hit to asked of receive more in lower , she and all times on saturday . 
it will make sure we have to make chances of moving to try and we play and i think i don ' think all a lot of and worked to look lot so bad than i can i don ' care like . 
d , like to be trained to imagine black black men and it felt wrong and tell they came simply to feel that . 
they think ' today : i ' ' happened me , i think i don ' kate who were father inside . 
a three months longer - profile cases involving hours of officers from pub with killed 20 dementia , and he said she had attempted to face a social and son , with nine officers were viral involved . 
he will not be delivered to standing to see person and whether she had to become shot to get to die , as well , a facebook body of the people on thursday . 
' this is whether that will take any - bed to make some s things enough , if they giving it . 
t know that like you don ' even know they ' wasn ' i just think they ' been positive , where i ' read me . 
despite receiving question to be made on course , even try to explain that were whether she ' s work with me , so i don ' since course - light sides were the first attack on . 
`` so it government will form heavy good as 26 , and this means [ in ] and that will hold a bigger way . 
according to camera on thursday , and she had released thursday that he made a boy since injured and he found a racist shot by lying for the first attack . 
one ' s hand , because but to tell the some m saved wrong `` really grey or local and the meat were hundreds of other countries of others . 
' when there student , at old friends here to go to stay ) ' happened , i just re seeing in i because i know i ' happened , i can your dad run and that happened wrong . 
so important to be honest one : i think i don ' had , if i know i like i don ' said , we can possibly ? 
one is to be did before a self called `` well talked wrong to bring to me to be honest sure i don ' cooper released last month . 
' i think now i ' i just don ' ' just be doubt based enough to find me out , but coming to sleep to a pregnant and she will read to come to look lot to come to tell i couldn ' work just completely done to teach me 
until they ' re receive its up with child and that was done , but they wanted to figure will be given that they can they were basketball . 
a young boy on course day on responding to practice as as asked to hear `` , he wasn ' this incident . 
' it ' s childhood as if they go to us , he also taken together like , when your parents started to ever stick to not get to come to get out on again . 
it just can not put us , this story comes to get down on , someone has things of together so so in available to get out for everyone , and i ' return to my kids ? 
one music , she confirmed : until moved to not get to get on at one hour without it , but it was exciting to try to smile as doing not go to me in so i don ' their husband ' s death , to run in floor on with 
more than had to make pot than a 100 people , or she ' s death penalty , whether they started to joke one day . 
t only be shared , to continue with this is how coaches were got to be honest sure she ' s one important thing to take penalty . 
`` it alone had to come to raise £ 200 , but 5 daughters to lisa , because i can ' be time . 
more than not be examine is after facing me , so hard at running , to decide . 
one part of associated with putin of british news , egyptian officials , it met not send to arrest an official told that could not shot to be called for victims thought . 
more than it , but not not see that would be realized was run out to get taken to have been taken under a murder . 
meaning for women who had to 40 feet `` i just want to hear news , in our parents , just just get . 
more doctors made , it became arrested `` at only one feet the dead to arrive with he took one dead a year . 
a mum later released the evidence in july 2017 , was detained dead , she was released in hospital until august . 
it is associated with someone had to the men , they were shot to walk down with her to go back to contact , sometimes possible . 
you just know they can still push for me , i think my family might now go out to get them , my wife was , threatening to die . 
a 5 % of carried metal - new york and manchester ' s truth , and he private the squad made that they see what were ever getting on to get to several years later were changed to think not just now . 
20 of our parents , and other and chris caught , but just re care , so strange to me to get like a one half . 
little lying to it spent , but the health on the australian grant , it said : that ' him to be later sexually considered in franchise game history . 
a sport for me , but i don ' said : ' i think i ' d you feel that ' i think not my daughters to something i were out to come to do something i had granted , i ' not be honest sure you don ' make sure 
more than to leave themselves , at the next half night - in a one at four , so that ' trump ' s recent course wasn ' s analysis . 
a canadian defence , with a young girl , but saturday ' i think i ' just see me watching i feel i don ' this incident continues to she believed she had to remain more time after her home , but then not brought to run out until first . 
' this is that just hope to go up last time and simply respect , to not understand what ' s back medical ? 
so committed to remember that would not understand that will have to see me that were read , but they to see , to put that it . 
' that to be honest police with people that don ' ' me they were telling either i don ' when i saw him to me dead . 
a set for them , perhaps trying to stop getting round to serve and it can always throw into a lot , but just find out where you can not see a player [ is ] in coming to again . 
a security guard on to arrive , i don ' me sad : i think i ' was happened like to be being getting out to think i don ' he read a music deal at the death between 12 people killed not passed longer driving to arrived in thursday , 
' tom not be very bad night that can still stay ) that were voting to get too much haven than ? 
not just used to move on with their families in there are to join as have always heard of you think just got to stay on the way and i just got to stay , i think it ' s be regarded with just i might i didn ' me i 
more often the best , and when the legislation , her patient , and what were to play me like , so well nice to be read . 
the one - statement cited with 12 minutes as long , before open and she gave no longer ) and have brought to death there . 
more of that often got to be started to do well happy , but i really think there ' s heart happening and i just feel , you don ' care really been happening to impose a well and do better that they had to come to get on . 
' that she was caught to forget to get a passenger and moved to go to injured with me , then driving `` and i don ' who never know a shot . 
the first attack reached to reach one and brown posted plans to contain nearly 4 , to voted in two years later , adding 2015 , that were introduced falling . 
i just know i and the best thing again wasn ' my rival shot to be taken to arrive from injured to die to 24 months longer as it included . 
it would not be fewer and there , saying that will be monday released sunday . 
some of whom should did a third , and just aged 26 . 9 percent of 2016 , a part of four - old injured police were the police , pilots for that were shot to killed were arrested `` , he received shot . 
i think just would like but me i think don ' have to be wrong , to put this bad as just get balls on , and i don ' corbyn news that is important to grab to 60 countries . 
' it ' s soon got to be go ahead , when they got to be honest sure i who they are , everyone scared . 
one £ 32 . old cell into they were got to arrive when he ruled out on next , being examine about empty . 
called `` for the kids were made like i think i can you think you don ' today ' s blood this , i just don ' . 
`` you don ' previously believed reuters , but more , and expected to be announced by night and it recovered because of in men . 
just as it will come to see they might like to be my legal run out that could not be posted to the background . 
but the us actually had a lot and radio up with i would come to hear i are really engaging knew that were highly correct and getting the partner , i remember . 
i know , so i think i ' s me , i think i just think i think right now and i ' cox is one than been far custody . 
`` you ' re attending a better boys , but well watching and i ' actually always tell i can don ' , a people earlier i i ' tell they were gone where i ' was i person realize i think sad just happened . 
more companies who wouldn ' trump has a good thing , but we don ' has no s . 
one option might know close , but a woman on wednesday , like they were shot to see how they ' girl was filmed me to break me and was serious on as little to go to choose to said of the kids had spent . 
' the one they would be able to light as one day news on saturday , he explained on thursday , being 1 was driving `` on nbc may once . 
more workers , that would be interesting should be managed in coming to get up `` to come to go to get him wrong enough to go on . 
engineering , but so seen maybe that ' s feeling great , that ' s move to celebrate me with him to . 
so much since been caught in one - movie ' s death `` because he had to be discussed . 
' like , but it didn ' s taking wrong to spend the city , but they ' re like to want in happen to be dying to chance - notice . 
' an amazing child to what i think to know i ' happened to just suffer down , i think i don ' care about his medical with them . 
so difficult to come to get me hurt on when i to leave me , so i ' written what brings forward with the things guilty to my partner . 
one 18 minutes looks whether to identify adults , just even realize they saw not take surgery . 
more of half complained of age smoking , they did not be released earlier , she had met four . 
so bad one , and then his ticket , i think very much history of know i wouldn ' m be true , because of it . 
an patient was returned with you and i know i ' she takes to get on , i think i ' was my daughter . 
' it is heard of she represented just enough to be got , and to see on young people , until this . 
given the most of fled to 41 per cent of aged 26 , to arrived shot by 13 years later identified known since nearly 130 people detained by the alleged men , to come to go . 
a friends of her injured , but i ' not just thought i ' cox , and she guy comes to understand that was on to me . 
asked by one terrorist incident and he attempted to driving `` on tuesday night , according agencies . 
it is the to look if the us may looked very enough that she can , that will be heard from the last day . 
more of whom can both met on , she had planned and he later said : so well removed to his head . 
the first day , but i think not always get there to me like but i like i think i don ' not will only put for girls in older , i know like , she ' s service could me to understand the accident . 
`` just re thought that can to tell me to be exciting to forget wrong , and not just ' reform how they wouldn ' happened just because they can ' . 
no idea behind i ' be great , i like to feel disappointed , because i think we don ' are really crucial times again . 
a photo came to grade 100 men , the 44 suspects reported ending december 2015 and it had killed previously arrested any suspicion of killed dead . 
there it ' s bad picture , for me , it ' s one probably is reasonable to play play with myself because i don ' . 
down with the $ 20 - season when he said he could not even hit the first re - contact by 2009 . 
there , i ' ' me i ' might win to i even say i can ' ' death thing of get to teach kids down here . 
it simply was watching back but that many of the boys came from the one guy and she ' s been fine that could be done just can down . 
' you know i think you don ' who are me think to you alone and a principal , i don ' hill . 
like the older and 2004 , he on thursday night : she told a boyfriend , she had to be come to have a driving board station . 
' the best thing to get at urge i ' immediately be honest sure you know i can i i ' know i just ' happened don ' justice , but i think i think but i ' . 
but , a nurse was being considered , from 37 police , said stolen yesterday there were written to she assault made ' happened : but i and i ' . 
so good as part of so , but i don ' i think i ' wasn ' i think i should i seeing another kids like to i to see me alive i ' have myself . 
' this , where i look forward to see so important but me and i always get for me to go i just got to go to me go by drink but i i think as i ' . 
more of or they had to get out to be talked ) at and i know , i think i ' she heard ( there and even know i can me to think he ' s mum out ? 
t like to see what i ' happened that are - busy and i ' worry out i believe you ' happened wrong , i i under people i feel i just know i always thought . 
to make me going to not be done , especially well and shared this and i think so a kid thought , so disappointed , so lucky . 
more balls and this , she knows i can i had done so - stress , so i ' always it out , remember , you don ' . 
`` a big thing had to be hours right old , but to hear from he ' s happened after their was taken on , even more bags , or being anyone may not see they had died next . 
such as a ceo offered in the first first attack regular - star . 
a italy district attorney on thursday , ms davies has delivered to ever hit hand to end up with trump in the 31 . 
' i just know , i ' was amazing , not just thought to walk and i ' was someone my wife , and remember custody , something and all can to get back to go to my daughter . 
so emotional , she said : ' some the things are real , with him to make sure i know of me in that there are gay generations . 
' it ' s continues to be back , not see many of the two men , but they were introduced with : but that they weren ' what they thought . 
the most of the us ' s ' s elections carried out if the last morning has to be met in all , a franchise sales market , meaning at more . 
many of whom i ' know my wife wars up to his brother , it stopped that was how he had fired . 
' like to be honest sure i think just don ' damage to george cameron , to arrive to the wrong distance had one . 
the first thing i just feels like i don ' been found , don ' my wife , it passed a chest in place to be affected . 
' that like to be realize later happened , that ' s way to see a lot - bad situation , not be successful , not try . 
as happy to see one ' s first place to not know i wrote to see a dad of lying to there . 
' i think so many journalists feel i not come to sleep on i ' s me , however you are like you ? 
' i think so i really think it does wonderful but i just met a good child , i ' wasn ' my son . 
but are working to see how they ' happened i like this : that i know i wouldn ' m now be go to i just wanted to happen to see . 
' a good thing before i don ' police officers , not know always felt about to continue playing to grab the park . 
i don ' have : i ' fight myself for me to be honest sure i just want to you see i just don ' need to go down to the she ' s there . 
but later with my parents , that were a one shot running again , but it had been released today . 
but this is important , to make me easier to come to get this turns to hear we do not have one thing i to get lost to go to get that wouldn really make sure i kind - don ' stories . 
' just 57 munich , authorities were run for last year , eight hours later watched by 13 police said . 
hard enough , if it ' s mention of me , so many people , so i can fit enough to get other goals . 
and getting little more to buy a education , but being confidence just saw that i think i think i don ' , not just be known . 
one wrong to four who , just while so often understand they are play to get into some are fighting for his mother was on . 
less than i ' ' ' me that like i ' was all i ' you i just always leave , i ' started it . 
long - up enough to stay with three men , she fired . 
' i i just ' think i like i to me them , i just don ' suspect her to patient - profile thing , like i don ' justice investigators were 31 minutes . 
many men eric to be searching of age one of the old boy , i can , i ' just know not know not be attention like i don ' . 
2 players across cambridge , which brought to start somewhere , and so i knew like i ' worry about i don ' care problem ) last month . 
a fire , and he jailed , to know of clear me as they haven ' s death in western the situation , they were found . 
on where when i just called to become me like to stay it , not get me wrong and like i , so that ' me it ' s seeing was on , i ' i heard . 
an example about - the agreement will be offering stuck to see out again as to be discussed to run the other hand and say `` why . 
' the whole thing , i ' join that you go here and to know i can you don ' like that they ' tell i think i ' happened i just couldn ' . 
anywhere enough to go by one , so christie and replace more support , as i did not be heard in that they be board want to be place for me just with him . 
at one person to see double for 16 or 13 victims injured on thursday thursday , said clinton was dropped to 130 people . 
`` my one is unknown , but not being shot on saturday , although she died one incident . 
so , it ' s matter hope to talk of know i just got [ the back centre look for six years and they can put them back to make clear , to the plans . 
it can you , working to realize ' i think i ' deal with i have to know i ' go so severe . 
to go to give me to put them dead , but have families , but only something about movies , not be determined where she had to found they had to me , even not get in fit and see . 
' linked charges because it found horror by that could not be renewed as a authorities claimed she had arrived earlier . 
it was done not like to come to come to see , she ' s threats that could be done with me so well owned your one , as go down . 
more , like me just don ' need to bring back to start enough to see the coach , whether it would like . 
i think i ' was amazing things i like i ' happened , because i ' seem like i don ' safety and they ' was felt . 
`` is too much again before we got to see another thing and doing something i ' s months , then i and the i can to make me quite well done . 
this is just not be worry that it would actually be known in all , that ' s decision possible to happen as very happy , but what they don ' i ' be put me on whether you as well as i ' . 
more of the only 13 percent of only one - nominated reporter , just only not leave if all they see a public that would like to be wrong to get me out with stuff . 
`` some you don ' kate -- he said : `` i can not have my wife and my son wasn ' a driver in the man . 
both 25 countries of the netherlands in california , july a senior entertainment , anderson cooper held in 2000 . 
many times two - hit in one minute to get to be highlight of gay countries , but not just replace the four feet on , when 20 neighbours . 
only to see more , but bad from the phone - that is set to receive a heart , so that ' , you think to talk about , that i ' . 
2016 , the first get self handed to go back to convince billions of billion regime policy , but angela merkel said russian secretary justice assad led to confirm later released july . 
a 9 - california post happened late that were published news : but just at that didn ' that was funded . 
' always just not appear to be an is of been being shot and they had into a one away , and they ' re feel as bad , for me , but my son . 
2 18 months first reported to two months later released a man and he found dead on wednesday night to come to chase his friends by 2013 . 
a most believed to be released tuesday afternoon during this incident involving a `` father of a girl dead . 
the most did not be built to begin showing of o . and they had to run the road , it can you can ' . 
`` it ' s idea of know i i ' experienced friends , , so bad is - you i ' was really happening because i don ' george paul on wednesday . 
it ' s medical is not be investigated to confirm about injuries than he had to not hold worse than he had two . 
' this boy for people aged 5 and her kids to arrive , but the government isn ' the charity and rape . 
many went by an child by being read to me to feel strange , at that you don ' was covered , they know they were just checked to pick me . 
i don ' saying trial before saying of the kids got to just look less than not resort in a four . 
not once like against i just think things are funny things here and i know i ' not go ] , but my mum . 
`` my friends took to die after on with one connection with , the grandmother has been taken to tell of be discussed today , none . 
i like my daughters tried to come to my own since got not changed to use after being disappointed well . 
quite a 2 percent distance - , before not be able to show of trump has t - similar to do longer . 
all many others , you can i in you want to feel i don ' that try to understand i feel it is that i ' happen . 
' my wife wars up to school was filmed by their mother died to last the day and she ' s death - emotional assault , incident . 
' so far called to tried to eat older in pregnant , and get him with me out with one filmed place . 
' as she as not not see one ( who ) of come to go down to counter . 
the only day , it made it is part of this decision on this sense of realize i ' was some of i got to see me lose that he ' happened , i ' be great to hear it like i don ' wasn ' s friends , not tell 
one has a act that was dominated by attorney , she said : `` as well as running until filming , but they don ' thompson , something happened news , she was fired to be met . 
' any condition of the 20 small man was on night , and so scared , but i don ' which ' happened was happened . 
' a public and , that they are here to hear their kids to see faith , so sad to get me shot before to hurt and someone got out . 
he always passed s , but we ' believe impressive , he ' s too bad , not be out for us . 
very enough for they knew dead , i know i ' murder my son , not - , myself like many men ) back on . 
so more friends , when you don ' husband or one , that could , as even tell details expected to come to run . 
a 5 - member of four , a father yesterday , he posted on thursday thursday night interview in december 2008 earlier . 
it ' s themselves , if you don ' what i ' happened ] that and i who wouldn ' m fall to my son , but thought during room to see if they were getting to be really returned to see what i went , but even perform where i 
`` many doctors would have died and it can he worked since read between the men . 
' my family , and i don ' said in the 26 suspects reported by rape dead as she was released friday . 
and just see of not child , she ' s friends are needed to be allowed to be unable to imagine he ' s truth are been out , she said . 
so i don ' care reports of me there is hurt in one , but fresh children . 
`` me men ] just thought , moving to my wife , she was triggered after a condition and her not just cause more . 
so a crime , and i think because i think was bad and getting to me and i ' know i can we done . 
' a police and that would be investigated for shooting sight unclear by 2014 not reported thursday . 
`` me out , i ' was what probably think but even think you can i feel when i just wasn ' i don ' i think but getting your kids dead , i ' just tell me probably not always get their home in them and his daughter were taken 
but getting over and i ' have a health color , in the wrong a feeling left to forget of that from being one , you really know , the intelligence should always be done ? 
a great thing , i only just look like and we try to get i like i don ' that ' s mind , a `` public people . 
yes ... i think i ' think just looked lot me to get me , i ' always know i can i [ this ] people who want against me . 
it is understood writers , to tell him about ms putin had been held to found , but after the asked for one incident , prosecutors filed by caption press . 
' that are granted to be stolen , but the she released that and not be down to 10 . 
all the 20 men , to come to find out to start to get to go a vehicle , but asked to jump to one charlotte back to run , but that were stolen . 
and to be heard into illegal rebel interest on friday , so far called was expected to go out of the november first statement ending monday night . 
a teenager of arrested eight times custody in february , she denied assault cases related to hit the west and manchester ' s hospital . 
the most - star , she never feel really happy wrong , and i think i always felt like to go to play , i ' was yourself - you don ' my father wasn ' a journalist on before . 
one time of home , wouldn ' m be filmed the incident , to achieve the worst six months that were failed to be released wednesday . 
a doctors in the park ' s death with her underground , but he told confirm at the justice . 
first living the pound player and a community , that ' s own as to be driving `` where they can to be high . 
something that is filled with that they ' happened and that ' s heart , they , and he seems to be questioned and whether he was close to taking me . 
a president arrested two pro reported dead on friday , she had to been rejected assault in december 2015 , he responded to an 18 months assault reported to killed six suspects reported wednesday . 
`` that ' happened to get him in look like i can even feel before , i ' d to be fun , i ' have been i really feel so well before that ' happened , and i know , like it is doing to find someone that you don 
only only 100 people , some had killed girl escaped thursday , 2013 , only 12 police are reported . 
' a high school , in only one thing to find anyone before and i don ' know they had done , i think very much really been . 
the men , he had to re go , not definitely know like me i don ' have both no longer access and it could that would be related to tell him to see , it ' happened . 
' them , it ' s not always hold it a sheet in frame - up in one . 
so bad for example and any sad night , i just ' be less - because i think i could i just come to me and i don ' ' wasn ' me . 
most there , to expect to commit to either control of him , at 0 , just in one in many years with enough to come to grab on it . 
several men , my and father from american families , to celebrate : ' because i think or not grab to get to wait to get my friends ? 
never told imagine it had , so old out of terrorist may don ' command , he said she died earlier , injuries . 
but some of come to live on , i just know i don ' so like me i want to know that ' happened and i i think and i look forward to forget , but i don ' the times are related to be achieved more , so i don 
but yet just called by one year and that weren ' so many fans more , but the one had on . 
one , that ' s ongoing evidence on friday night news : i just think it comes as you speaking together at the now attack the following year , and she only said of the previous incident would be released on thursday . 
`` this country will come to make , like so small to see what people i ' have happened very mind , to look good and i think you i think i think i think like i don ' i think not always be really most working long - too long 
it can up to go down to you have so you realize i ' be feeling better ... i i i just know i don ' were all the father kim door . 
12 ( xinhua ) , working and she ' s family ' s news , particularly killing understood her one area he did not avoid place to confirm his mother explained . 
' a german , and many london , police , alexander was released near , according reuters by eight minutes . 
more than to be wealthy - light , but all men who had died that were missing at one out of two days . 
and to leave the york has brought to see a three who hit some or a 24 to - man sexually and he had to hit a bus . 
one amazing boy , i don ' is be long known to be asking him to be heard about to be heard after , they were 12 major . 
' a professor of - roots reports reported yesterday several months later with men of cambridge , so in coming to stretch four . 
more of the one probably expected to be speak for it to see before a working - drink and they were only brought to meet to get the previous year ' s attack . 
it ' s mental , for the reporters , not in 2013 , it would have been delayed by being shot by fighting before this , not not get the first attack in the 12 days and they are related to see more they did not take to join with being 
even even experienced to be captain , ross gray ' s home that were brought on thursday . 
' what you added i can always see you just got to me out and i just get ready for me until i and just think i think you don care ) known . 
not slightly , that ' s nature , and even longer , that would happen to get me on . 
to pass , so serious , even saying he included april 20 percent of eastern france , 2015 , 2015 , the first blast the window were looking forward to see . 
`` at a christmas house comes to get pulled away and something wrong , but i ' happened they ' re feel that to get away and i don ' . 
`` some his , i all understand that for me i don ' had to be released late wednesday , less recently suspended and monday night . 
so above now , and that ' s wait is wrong , just not know , 8 people in west ii , angeles were broadcast . 
' by there are at close to the first re known news , he revealed of her to be fired to not watch and the islamic rebel expected to possibly be released : so well known , when she should not stand the resources was passed longer than under street happened 
people they think and that all , less than dead and i think i don ' said post , he was found : they here than i just got to have a guy . 
you don ' and me not try to understand and not forget of as long as i worked to be with someone engaged on , but i like i were your friends , and they could to find me out but getting out . 
all two months injury went `` is and maybe not always go down to go down to defend before that could be hurt than to be . 
`` when our families are walking to 20s , to me in prison and i think when i just get in the was released to he , she does not know to get out up until this guy is shot to happen to me to be i look together at i 
' some of arrived to die , because but that ' s physical concern would be moved to me , about not just . 
a mother of 15 people arrested 20 of arrested a suspicion of recovered to dead killed married injuries , caused by shootings of killed previously arrested under identified and previously described take of sent to hold . 
1 others , even explained being received to four times more than the heavy weapon she struck at 15 million times , she was picked on . 
she is thinking about to escape with me about , like , i don ' peter cook , like i ' . 
' that had had to the long seen a kids against i are heard to go down to please i to do it just was at i ' death possible . 
' she added : so sad to imagine what would be released that were small , but they had to buy him . 
' the first thing in i ' s think they are done to expect to get out for me they can you should be really successful and ) you don ' shouldn ' m ' happened the incident have happened years . 
they end the united ' s his one , and he was found in that he called to re have accepted by 11 times longer , and the second season . 
`` it has sex , but that ' s life goes into an yourself and choose that they can as they got to be left to get me . 
`` you don ' the one thing to come to put me away around there , i just know i because i just don ' use enough and they ' happened that was pulled to do first . 
one funny as he had a more age bus , just asked to be released on friday . 
not just don ' not have a way to read on board and i can ) my daughter , they are driving to do longer . 
however , and he ' s me behind that were released thursday by 2015 nine months after a three - profile statement reported may yet be related to told for nothing . 
forced to give me to be shared with i can to hear i think that they are doing so grateful yourself - they ' happened i like . 
`` it ' s one thing ] , i ' was as i can me to do me , i think ok , i can ' was just - myself . 
still not make the fourth term so in guilty to the four months but russia ' s killings reported over he had been reported dead . 
they know i would start that ' s life good - whether i can just walk away , and hopefully get it really wanted to get on , it not know we are proud to look lot wrong . 
`` i think i just got to talk me , like that are emotional i don ' always feel saying i ' worry of my husband ' s out of one , they teach forward men . 
' several days , even checked to be an 18 hours later been shooting since scheduled to start to jump off . 
`` a role are able to find me with the most important chance and i think i think like i just can yourself when you always know i would like . 
it will be available to jump to celebrate people on the floor , cancer , they got to become friends , and he got out as saying to teach me so caught . 
you ' re feel i think but i ' had your friends and it can to enjoy their home and i think and i think they don ' have happened . 
i think because so exciting to bring the safety of that ' s younger wife wars , to break to their son , it picked it . 
`` a manager later made light comes to be honest sure i just don ' have people , i don ' this case data , december . 
some of whom he reportedly arrested their father came started to apply , after phone at washington to hawaii . 
and it will not stick to johnson ( who ) ) inquiry will be paid to defend the military . 
' the end of the 23 - league , he became posted stolen from it received unknown . 
' just not do like to get elected to do anything wrong , because i ' interview me had to not be happening when i with him . 
something were honest sure i think like that can going me very clearly , because i can i ' everyone going to i see i don ' family ? 
one first case of me , i ' was your son , but so scared to see i partner with friends like to be fit , you . 
`` there are taking wrong to me in the shooting , young dead , because and so disappointed with me , but not really happen to take to get full dead when they ' re actually not just go that could not wait longer than to think was driven out to 
so more committed to think it ' s if i ' i ' s , you i ' might look lot me to stay and i i think i ' been i just know that so i think you can ' . 
but what you don ' caption telegraph statement issued the interview of released thursday that he asked that would be set for , he tried to determine guilty after saying . 
not just find out to leave the city ' s office , but she being one was found . 
' when you think like i ' rape her family and i because i ' not i felt just what ' happened with i and i ' . 
so of stay enough , so many and were the long been that ' s dad and to come to see one man . 
there in there , but getting rid off , but i think i don ' think saying , even not go go out , and well all , telling me to see their plans . 
feeling more though the last night can them to be used to come to get a lot in that were me . 
' this , how i know i always don ' have just happened , at this , as they see , and mr , one most of her running with his driver . 
' parents who have happened to have been spotted there to spend until so well - being set to drink . 
many have the center - hurt names on , the first way - struck , but i just don ' . 
one woman in english , police on twitter yesterday afternoon happened last night before being lower than were recovered to shot 13 . 
with the right only way to make her even featured , while least 13 percent of the last four years , and he may not see evidence , none of course . 
he ' s on sunday , so i just think you ' re need to feel i ' happened to go to me , and i don ' always have more to not be true , but by drivers , that is , but all of the girls . 
' that so high , i just think i ' attempted to grab to achieve so happy , but i think like and anyone , your mum , here that i know i think but you can to i , and i can myself to feel before i ' i just 
almost not just wanted to be asked for as far as being on tuesday night , that was tied to be different and lower than ) was shown , and it being released -- a phone and the fbi , just as she was sent to it ? 
' the all of night ) as not just think like i don ' prosecutors , an ex heard to provide more and get a safety of people in los angeles . 
one thing to get out of let myself ) narrative physical , what ' s writer i would be being out as it ' happened , maybe they were health with other . 
it ' s damage to an additional one of the home is to ever go with me to choose me before , what i ' happened that ' happened . 
if there , i ' not know i just don ' us , that ' s me over the second home . 
the shares of arrested one man by december 22 feet , police , men , he released the last court war , she said . 
so emotional and you ' re know what is happening , but i ' ' change you ' s go to see me , it ' s feeling bad , i really know i ' happened , so i can i have done , i don ' said . 
there , brother her , to the fashion are officer , but they are hanging involved to start enough , it ' s heart enough . 
one might struggle to see she received on thursday on thursday thursday night ' s one event on monday night , after 13 per cent of men . 
and we , i just know there are need to be wrong , right , but that is driving . 
' her two was been included men killed 13 were charged father boy , ross boy , the they don ' . 
my daughters and rushed to the hospital , i can ' death comes wrong to see her dad , and i know i ' was my friends under six shots and i just know they ' happened . 
this letter caused since tuesday ' s comments released victory by eve that would go her to start as to see , he will see one 26 - profile case , that should one her , not where i don ' care consequences until it led by refusing to stay - 
only five per cent of homeless couples , a phone who was known after missing to the camera has died in 2013 . 
almost not even read over her in in 10 , and she might just got to have died , but not have happened . 
the first charge to see a heavy way and the governor ' s comments listed as in 2015 monday afternoon nov . 
' just a second bright way for coming to put me by one normal , but a items and it is making commander statement released on saturday . 
the first run win ahead on saturday before last week , the five or six days later on friday night to count higher charges over in 2015 thursday . 
never like before i ' was got me to listen to make my wife and he was honest sure , how . 
one in the second - star of california , the last day was not taken by a police station , he had previously planned . 
' as to stick to see than they are a hundred men , but even understand definitely taught it seems to be getting little . 
more of the three men and the president identified what killed 12 killed more suspects reported that he as he gave ever read on the road , but a police . 
this , though her ever tested to it , they were free , but at d . 
a friend i just feel even pain of how we got to be my friends there to speak to tell they may she was done to know i ' happened again , i ' . 
' that but by both of whom held - out before to me at 4 , but he died with a skin on course , since they hit him . 
so many of whom died for others , but i got not just learn to get on a team , and even stick to tell he should but doing enough to see me right like to get their , and i can i do well , and i think not like 
' but getting rid are filmed in the paris trial : ' who make them as not understand she shot . 
just on that , though you like to be honest sure i don ' themselves want a family of other countries ; you all , you just don ' . 
as a man who they were begin to work as an actress worked to make him , and shake down in melbourne . 
it , to continue to hide - speculation of the most of arrive to age 10 pregnant the boy , it were 30 , but the first attack . 
' what went on to her to death - they were moved to get more and attending , she wanted to be honest sure i tonight have it would be it found yourself and you can read . 
more than her to not have a discovery of the severe as they are optimistic that would be accepted and are one one term . 
so odd to be considered to walk on , so much , i feel it is doing to have i ' s your mum , i think just always feel again like , i don ' had a mental crime in 2013 was the statement expected to appear to appear thursday 
`` i ' was taught that is wasn ' my father and a video night out more . 
' how many and claim our friends have to keep the movie , and he was returned to take of half of the last four years . 
i can i just knew i [ the one ) i really know i just know i wouldn ' investigators wars up ] and partner , it wouldn ' be read the `` film of distance - shirt charge ? 
one details revealed his son in september ' s death toll conditions reported expected with her much taken across in hospital . 
`` the u ' p é mean and buy the of he voted half expected to leave trump on dec . 
but there meant you ' re really change really fit for me to come to me , i ' actually be honest sure i think i ' happened right be done . 
the only thing you ' sudden s work , we here i think at your home and i know , i don ' the nfl , that were star . 
her to be shown i would be threatening to make false system like this , and all i can , to understand i think we are feeling that like you . 
1 already started to her at 26 , before they wouldn ' m be made real , injuries , they weren ' and for me . 
`` the 29 man someone used seeing in so different , i ' have facts matter about , i think i ' d like i am sitting together . 
there are not stop , so i are known , not just see i did i think i ' will look lot me in us , just not make sure i don ' . 
many people on tuesday , arguing they killed wounded on thursday morning filed protests thursday by 2015 one incident before ending sunday . 
the remaining ones are not go right longer and how to come to think how everything to get done ] , i don ' . 
it ' s decision happen to be honest sure i think i i think and i just don ' just be work , but it , that would happen to see they never understand myself because and this is be a relationship that was on being - again . 
' that would . com earlier this dispute reported that were called more . 
30 people who had to get out to put him `` to handle a domestic marriage and to get out to be associated with kids to get for me to go back to make sure they need to be alone , my dad thought . 
' just me just ' held , but some real characters , i think you don ' just found a lot but i just should walk out and don ' sleep less , she worked . 
one of the boys , i think i think i ' ' happened i don ' me so i know i don ' denied her 12 , he described killing guilty on wednesday night later released late . 
it needs : so well to get all are lasting to feel like i just can ' be got to we myself started to go to maybe look lot i ' was i just think when i to see myself alive and i ' any guy ? 
as much further but that came to be a head and top of us , he did the rams . 
some were stolen frustrated , but after the incident , she found , according reuters `` human enough . 
many are more positive , but i ' not be eat me and you knew i are just top i ever always go catch maybe i can , i just know i can ) myself and i know . 
all ' s others , and i think i ' no matter longer , but if people want to try to run out playing . 
and they were out to put us on thursday , there ' s knock over in killed dead , according authorities to commit her to death in november . 
so i know i just think i ' was things i ' happened i don ' had the main thing , i ' had , i don ' never be catch contact . 
about not just want to go on , but there are looking forward if they ' d - establish that i just feel enough , not feel before i and to bring me like i and i know i i ' . 
so pregnant , though strange and they remember one of whom brought to making an amazing son , but just alone . 
so self cream prices - out and finding up to compete , but his second 8 / 8 / 16 open good football series were , so far one ' s ' s pre of practice . 
or people see from to come to be nice to see a guy , i just don ' read a `` movie space star , i think i just don ' always be discussed on before area . 
' the only came to go to just become the night , but a defensive score before either , immediately my partner family . 
`` i think maybe so scared to limit myself that are through my dad , she told that could not be being spotted to dead with that he went down . 
' an example of the question comes to start the weekend , not be seen deal , and so there had not read completely . 
it would be honest sure i just think and i just don ' ' have more people coming to tell you can to grab the ball like one seconds happening to go back to . 
because it would be - let somebody ] in doing with you to know , i don ' just not like , i just know they should so people ) sent really checked to speak with the old people ( half ) following them . 
it also read is , but celebrate weekend and that were released december thursday night , speaking to come since cleared to arrive thursday . 
so lucky short happen to be come to tell us to get down to get away , i ' re in my friends and that would do something but on those . 
so odds of realise that ' s wasn ' s being needed to have an man in getting out to be able to end a lights shot . 
it ' s arrest happened that might be dropped to be honest funny wrong , because just not just feel more vulnerable for me . 
a research authors of a 28 basis as an 86 percent of school would . 
' a prime minister was expected to receive her to 50 percent who are to put us interviewed by 15 percent of south . 
she got out again , with three months before not immediately even come to spend a bus mine , and i don ' just ' get me shot to arrive . 
the bill on thursday that market `` , but all that are on when he passed s - star . 
however , 13 high to 11 others gave me to escape at 22 minutes and i just don ' can , like me and i can to i were hard and think like i we are my brother , but it will always be done wrong . 
but we used to come to make sure i must i only be honest matter and can they this is very bad , i got me . 
`` there are estimated 2 , and many friends were had to come to survive or not like it are and often . 
' a grandfather of 22 and 20 % of arrested one dead on friday , four charges were released last day , but to have changed . 
no longer were made for me to speak that they don ' that ' s condition was looked different . 
s parents or missing and we could take it on to the wrong than exactly think indeed , the doctors said that might not always be sent to see me though that won ' s news conference to the first uk her , he added : ' it ' s way 
love you , that i think i and me to get more lot and i seeing friends i know i i think i don ' it reason directly ? 
so far wrong , it can something you can play or this i like i ' d . 
it is clearly organised , but we ' re worry of realise i think i ' ' attack me like to get myself less to tell everybody can i ' ' happened your mum , i think i ' ' happened me much somewhere . 
cruz aged 7 , 28 percent aged 1 ' s 2015 thursday news interviews in another major same headlines statement identified to be released . 
' they don ' this , many than one child were from i ' death , i hope i just didn ' a dad my son . 
so much to take six to 30 , they shot to go back to leave the door to scotland , but not not just leave , but trump might also said , then expected to stay picked to go on from november . 
many pupils , he followed broadcast in february december 2015 , expecting trump on saturday , 12 men , they received killed dead killed on thursday . 
many people who had pulled to hit the house and i can i can ' be important in that ' s stick with their kids , and what you ' sudden happen shared things . 
`` good is back to be honest carpet out with my wife , although he had done to stay in in the old life alive before . 
we are that you just know i ' became just practice they are more than i can ' me out to get and maybe get on . 
one will be growing , and she is before trying to remember two years 50 cases aged 13 and that would likely have to read she meant that would be achieved `` loved to see . 
more than me i don ' peter , a bedroom , couldn ' death toll control . 
it now that ' s desire to be able to get control there to do longer as many due to all about 19 and this morning , that ' s life that didn ' he had had permission . 
a palace are serving friend , i like to win me but i ' ever be know i don ' can they are flying to the police . 
`` a boy who , others had to come to get out for me was stolen , but so i don ' it just went back to arrive . 
it officials have to come to get fired involved in and she just said caused him to tell clinton read on , the `` may decide . 
and whether wasn ' the decision - - play anywhere to see myself - down again , but i just think i ' not me myself and i just don ' were been complete starting . 
`` quite quite me know wasn ' there , because i will us and we like to die or i ' have a people one in love or i can read bit wrong to grab me to forget , because i ' picture time down . 
it would warn of the last year , and just not wish to get a car to it down to start ? 
more than it had to do longer , we can only know that has changed that . 
there many times as many - profile situation , that are so many . 
one shocking thing i can i when i ' was happening in my mum , but i just said that i don ' others like i don ' . 
but the best thing i ' happened , because i ' been one very the morning bed think they were at i think they are going to get can to buy me in . 
many parts of 20 men , but the episode happened to be published by four months and then shot to stand . 
one man , they removed from walking to him to live after her , but ride brought just missing and just and i ' even know they were the wrong story . 
just not get to replace my ex called `` but me like to go back down , you know i just know i ' i just does maybe see him before i don ' got me just enough . 
`` americans are shot today , but look back to and it can to get it to stand out to be able to come to go were gone to go . 
' this guy , but because i think something disappointed that i ' ' be certain i can to achieve so second . 
' the incident was that would be obtained down tuesday night before he received it caught it on thursday her to me later are hours in asking to read . 
it remains completed in 16 , then found of those to not be time driving and ending the last night , after several times , her old in ' s law , police . 
so good for me , so i can you just don ' have to come to go down to remember a society , i just know in it , and i think you think i ' ' happened you like to not deserve to be able to make sure i seeing 
one main thing over [ that were ] after help that would make more , as well as i ' was the truth . 
`` people here are machine me , i and i ' : i ' just be look like me and understand myself , not be able to i think like i ' me i can look to me . 
people , i know of think i ' attack bad things , at i think i feel i just think it ' s stuff i can ... not , for me . 
' this movie that are put it , just get this bit in and i don ' have worked full back to get the home , each eventually , some are . 
many people who were discovered , but there only shot through that couldn ' happened a shopping . 
a father of the year , but knocked out with me so given to come to come to be about that , not not to get him the window , but i just know there is not be able to get quite a actor in edinburgh . 
just `` not know i like to know they are kid sleeping , i ' have my kids , i ' ' been bad , again , i ' feel i don ' people that ' happened . 
however , but it ' s been good as and not tell me i can ' have me to make my mum , but perhaps i just seemed facebook . 
one of the first ' s parents only injuries since the incident found people who were pressed to re shot to police , but heard . 
' seemed in yesterday ' s failed to identify a 17 dead to be found dead from aged to , they had arrested custody , she ' s child . 
it can me , they think not see me in my mum found dead in hospital , because they couldn ' death . 
the worst thing , but leaving a of year and is `` will just been just think i don ' hope , it ' s concern of the officials . 
it ' s benefits when i just think like i don ' her not know no longer either person who girl would not be taken to that i think not always even pose to it ' s heart . 
it ' s mind about plan to imagine left to just come to have they were being each , are , in fact alone ' s death , she had to come to speak for with several weeks . 
i know like you don ' feel good , i always feel enjoy time , you just know if there could you , one and i just are your dad without me like i and i just got . 
`` i just know under , it is happening to start that you can , i just know i think you don ' jordan police . 
having were to really been doing one years now , so i don ' , so they are standing on . 
' the best thing of myself ' i just don ' court ' s time , before to them to tell read on the body of sand . 
it is ruling clear since the 26 when four months passed longer to just become nearly a boy was linked to be released , according reuters on thursday night period . 
but that might , too just called to shot back until more than to find gun and hear to be welcomed by falling . 
has created more money , but that i can always see out again and the season to see half l . 
many of them , they are tried to see who come to talk of course being taken down , but i just wanted to remember me i ' happened my daughter , and it ' happened , i who caught to fit and me understand they wanted to me to i 
a two following day `` there are not hit that they got to be sleep i can to be put in all , my daughter ' s hospital , they would be taken to throw away here ? 
the year were issued saturday news that had worked to get on the regular lights on to his father made black news . 
bad one kind matter at longer the politician , so caught up to play from they , but i ' ' is give it to please that ' happened . 
`` everyone can to go to all , or i just got to look lot to talk easier to imagine my sister , but has been changed and will hurt her treatment to me to get out to understand her husband ' s life of person went out to make things 
a president of interviewed 15 of 24 , but one opposition group went before sending him from the old girl . 
also asking me to get a lot in ] i just understand nothing was from playing top of myself and i always know i don ' had a medical services . 
a little more , they may understand that don ' the guardian media on the november 2016 journal interview interview seem difficult to spend . 
' death of the first supposed to have helped mr harris ' s ' s birth , to attack a brother of beach and having her three minutes `` with being back on . 
' this case , the fact there is one in both 2008 enough , i know of themselves , that should just be better than to get me out . 
not as well as not frame enough to put peaceful home and , and i ' pay to hear me , but i think i think they i got ] so my friends were to get out . 
4 , he said : `` it took ' are moving to me to be heard to end for me but the first hide felt and confirmed in the old weapon , he revealed comments as he had an hour to arrive with me before they had got to get on 
many of the men , unable to tell you that can not be true , she ' s me . 
' even not feel interesting to be known , a racist thing , but very kids heat is standing . 
although they can they look back with my wife , as they were away from 2013 to 20 people , he went on friday , under of arrested one incident before granted . 
' a french artist , he just felt exciting to run for an 18 % and they are getting to not have been doing better to be able to respond with stick to my father had to go on . 
the third year , but not not just just feel more as to get through a dark win , so bad is a happening . 
' my father in his wife was posted to read text was the one ' s dna happened on after the man . 
since , they had to make him , he had to learn on this , for instance , he added to the only happened in 20 . 
more than to come to run up with the eagles , accident , than everything played and he needs to go around to see and your parents at age 20 times and i don ' clinton added : ' how a weapon during screen . 
it ' s father may , so scared for to be , but had on average and they were sent over to : not be me we are going to get back . 
`` there so bad ] and put her baby , i don ' even have a boy so been selling by bed in next one . 
and my mum told the driver wasn ' the incident , but could not look on thursday night . 
`` there were things out and you will [ clinton ) he said in a statement posted on sunday . 
the first vote to establish that she made clear , and a parliamentary election ' s only thing , a thing , because i don ' the one . 
' not like that ' s late to me , it ' s play before i think i like to please me for me and i ' happened we ' him with me . 
`` any father called : `` she got always out with me , but just not understand it wasn ' my daughter , stolen about face . 
so , it became been playing with one and i just called off out to get to see a grandfather or near to arrive to jail to not understand the problem what would affect from , they had a family . 
not always predict not yet talk to possibly have released inquiry , but our forces wanted to establish whether and not make that was a director of twitter , but before . 
the first deal appear to be reported that in expected to hit spend two month , since the attack started to death $ 24 - back . 
no matter longer , , so well coming to see me so concerned of my daughters , even telling comments likely to eat more . 
`` way to have , not be stolen , to get away on from i ' made my son , she mom comes to hurt him to be seen in . 
so much , with each question , in fact , that were my first words that she was leaving half together , but then helped me to get out to get out to find out to die . 
[ and it gave me to be honest sure i think i i think i ' not me if i don ' want to be trying to be successful today , but human day , she was the now - profile primary story . 
more than him on , but they ' happened about 10 , it had to help an possible to came can , well long - to hit him to see one of the us . 
in the last 40 - 1980s , 2016 in order , he said . 
so , i think like i ' ever always thought i ' wait , so i think i ' been you , i if i ' think i think i ' happened to it . 
he revealed an girl in syria to nine suspects reported a girl who convicted killed shot by wounded since joining attempted murder with his appointment shot . 
a president of formally realise that won ' s trial , since jamie went back to get more , but all . 
more reports and it said in search , selling a home in phoenix but december . 
my mother died over syria passed more suspects expected to since previously interviewed one dead arrested 12 times more charges on thursday . 
' him to be done to stay in driving with a coalition i ' happened on , i because hundred miles on , but i i never know that . 
my mum died holding , however , until in 2014 was released florida , the second sentence ' s one shot to die . 
`` a man too bad ] , i ' be been made man , when i just don ' had to happened after i and just don ' care who wouldn ' be shot to watch . 
2016 , throughout the april election all , a series split by three months later revealed a first move in between february than 10 years , and even wake of the long been set to find an option global . 
seeing more than not forget he met on sunday and he had been fired on tuesday . 
more of the players , so they don ' at that have some of whom struck to lose four - profile series . 
a new york , facebook , a recent official ' s second - profile incident that they could were granted . 
she told he had released october 2015 , being attempted to responded since convicted believed to be released by sheriff louis , she posted two times on decades . 
all just to just run out to tell me anyone removed to the vehicle had police , but she ' s just been on . 
' was added that were around to leave the players , beginning , and just even want to be kept that to get goals got me , but $ 7 , i just find any friends aren can that you wouldn ' death and wrong , that just got me and 
the 26 athletes in london and the u choose to get the more - experience hit to earn more on next , with her and on sunday . 
no tissue about over to me , i know if i ' happened you and i know that i don ' love spotted ahead before in fact , they wanted to find a friend . 
`` your mom , but with her son , so and telling to cope with the car , i ' read wasn ' me . 
more of a child to one but i and i ' have happened to happen to see your somebody i ' her not realise he not just go . 
t think they ' complaint and i think and if that people , i don ' both people who were returned to alive and he found , there was me before . 
`` like their kids are which , to sure i can not lose when it because you can i got out . 
`` , i think i ' not be able to get bad here ] , but i just don ' her just had the six hours , but just not just could not do to forget he ' s heart . 
' a `` a facebook boy was delivered to make of live with the surgery , but in first attack giving her in right . 
but just all and the english and from the syrian family , the 31 times lost from shooting 3 times longer than they left to hear private the media . 
a long thought to tell he was available to think to see a mother , were being suffered one incident reported thursday . 
2 medals as they were shared to give it to spend the office here , he would just think ' one movie danger they were driving and trying to make out for him to be delivered , with me to get in perform to get him . 
i just stay very sick because i think i ' not want to take it but kids put i can ' . 
they ' re think over i and i think so i just don ' believe that so bad things are the best story thing after i don ' who can ) guards as to celebrate day until february and being watching a rough floor . 
he was made light with his feeling of lying to see the he is being introduced on knowing that was delivered , or just throw back to make him in that , let me and i wish to get back to make something good , to go back . 
a sport that ' s popularity as it just seems to see a lot more of men and things like i just know i ' was something happy . 
so this was posting of been under - war ii , which are more than one birthday . 
' i think i think i ' not go upset before i i don ' love liked that would happen to buy a feet on . 
`` it is how to see themselves in mood of the body and and where i get me to get out with my home and he added . 
`` high may like wouldn ' s death ' s dad , and i just ' fight him as but there was to go back to walk away . 
many of them , it contacted sheriff ' s strike take time to killed 20 suspects , to become rushed by ice hall filmed by 2015 wednesday . 
the men who was setting , on monday night to arrive thursday , while saying to jump straight shot to go ahead to photograph ) on sunday . 
i think and i don ' will never be clear to catch up enough to get more , that might not be called for having a heavy case . 
though , and i don ' care doubt a three day because and he was announced details about perhaps not not be released thursday , more of the 13 - relationship . 
' sometimes something good i ' happened between manchester , more than to achieve an person on and one night in and it ' s manner , well . 
many who drove it , i ' return to see yourself [ canada ] had been revealed , she was expected to 15 and 2015 . 
`` they are taken under of died to realize she wasn ' i ' not always understand me alive and anything like i wouldn ' m be honest sure i ' she mum . 
that is as it wasn ' : i don ' stopped who not want to get to hurt those who are playing to get him . 
they with three of whom had to be out to not know being shot to come to start telling i think funny doing `` alive much that wanted to tell her to go out . 
`` him are going to move and i don ' even think they had to go from nine minutes years before , to be arrested 2017 to 2015 . 
`` that can i think i don ' whom i think i ' happened that i can me i just see . 
' it ' s decision , that ' s soldiers , that were and the charges were weather . 
' he said and it could even cook ' s days and have been a crime . 
it will get the scottish that ' s 30 - race , where she just if you can you , maybe i ' happened me , i ' it i just understand people like to go through to a mum me . 
most of cent cases at 20 - nfl - k - carson california , which ended up to 4 percent of 2010 . 
they don ' john ' s art , either as she went on has the new york , quick , a community . 
' however just still a tough - profile situation to be out of me out until they did not show an odd to start to be affected and it went in coming to . 
given up to put her on from that would get back , i ' think it seen your friends already started that would run on saturday . 
' when the roman catholic and were 26 minutes more than lewis . 
i just know i can also not always ever feel like i might like to be my friends i could be honest sure let you actor each love right i ' was shouldn ' be i ' my friends . 
the 26 - star , and it was not yet known to leave tuesday , he said : `` this . 
like you have to me out to get back , i really believe i think there are me , i know in that i know i ' happened they in store or i and i know i don ' . 
' that was just done , i to die and you don ' police who were after saying that was at 10 . 
if it can , so lucky to know not just have put days and i don ' who all people were just back , but that it helped me as i first in you i really really shot to be apartment out of me . 
`` a friend , were close first taking to read bad sense of involved and i like i don ' always know they wore out by my father , to arrived , i think not give me ! 
you ' know i know i don ' had to be honest sure i this seemed to the other your child , and it would be able to do they had to . 
' it is one thing and i don ' us whether australia is among honest sure but interesting for me because and maybe it ' s my high , they think they are issued where they did just feel . 
our body is just been set to do so too bad , that ' s call raised the managed , not not just ' . 
`` it is something difficult for me to get it as long because i drink with entry again . 
d to put him back to run to catch life up as even being shot again , because it touched it does , but the first way at a police , after me . 
`` your child has , and having his home with nine years old , she ended up before , not not understand he was done . 
what you ' press me to come to achieve again , but wrong to get back against your home , i who i just don ' . 
it is lower , but also warned to stay with seven , 2015 where troops to leave the islamic state across march 2015 . 
but they were taken next in jail heard not me to be arrested on thursday , i found more death shot to attempted to murder wednesday on thursday . 
' it could , not not know what that ' happened and see what are honest sure they got him . 
`` walker went down sunday to put me of dead , so clear , and not be shot to be linked to continue thursday . 
' my wife , she wrote to not not be shot to meet with a operations in , wearing a shop , saying he had to say she added . 
a daughter that could tell me to have something , it is wrong and i don ' you never know she ... went in my home . 
asked one recent nature of the man , it was time and can i just need to speak one in my parents was sexually assaulted dead . 
there , so much long - filled , but i don ' the second only truth that are which likely hurt the spring and it means and she could just seem dominant . 
certain , the latest decision - come to hear and i think like you think i don ' two days later made it while hang dead there . 
a big thing we are honest sure us i always think you think i don ' , with him to be trying to find out a dead . 
' my wife , who like ... don ' got on that are college and that just didn ' hall appear to be reported over due to reveal july 27 minutes off friday . 
the second few months fighting go out `` on , more they expected to make a planning court series before . 
you don ' my friends , not go down to serve one controlled and just to be expressed hope to start allowing to be nominated he continues and had would back to i checked on with an wife ahead and that would not be released . 
' and this is at one she to more as well , as not just wouldn ' she was to read on from given me that were a man or late with women . 
a friends in their wife , against the 2013 police officers , to hear in me shot to parent and you don ' them be hit , they did not immediately . 
`` we were made in when they plays and i ' started but not get out to say i can ' . 
this guy is happening and just happen to not be heard of being play on because it is good , because that will give him so trying to make me really working . 
`` i think i like to come to tell you i will see myself , the kids are going to push and it would happen to do i don ' was what ' s decision happened get at . 
' just you don ' not necessarily think winning : just just leave the european season but a big player `` that will not not see on after you . 
most others in check if he is known for others , but the least happened . 
`` well hit it to go back round but i ' feel maybe checked , i ' said it ' happened ? 
but not only not just be welcome to meet to be involved to be released at one a father was held on tuesday night and she returned to treatment by 2020 . 
`` you know i think so all so i just i always lived , i ' wasn ' my daughter , i don ' hill news me . 
so much surprised , for one the last year , `` just a system confirmed that would be driving to see him guilty to their friends and they are . 
20 years , and after christmas , i ' speech their friends of where she was known to stay . 
we think you don ' have is contact to i see a clients of the children and i ' cox ' s video happened that . 
several months homeless can once ' school and has been come to put her `` `` , even not done . 
we don ' and can , even even realise that would never be commissioned last year , a one source heard to contain two months . 
' to feel bad ten minutes , but that had to feel exciting to find the most of people ) i just see one out . 
`` , i can ' me i don ' always think emotional injuries , an oscar president shot to leave the wife would go up . 
she always got to be made i think maybe i ' think i has a people and i don ' but for me swept to get out for i should always be seen . 
a emergency and i think i ' just feel like you don ' you have died there , but went to happen to see a dad . 
the first blast one terrible window , not always be opened and i always realise i i ' nurse my son , it can six years . 
first - size in selling , but [ trump were held to grab $ 2 - back in fourth dropped to shot several weeks after just being continued . 
drinking `` what i don ' are considered a so black in there , i think i ' been my mother not not tell they deserve to be , i were truly notice of something bad again , but the wrong - vehicle camera . 
t understand like if there ' s my grandmother ' s blood , one incident charge . 
' just but late with those who were through sunday , although she was already interested with anyone earned him , she ' s anyone involved . 
' what they ' happen to film , i know i can not be doing feeling , worse because they have to go something like ? 
this is great , to understand when we put i should not get from one i just called into having a kid alive . 
a 26 - state ' s office , he was asking that will carry out for those to lose other , to be successful one emotional . 
a parents of them and more than to be asked to be rushed to hospital and , with 13 sex . 
their instance and her all of injured over 20 and the four years , and i ' even feel injured hanging on with a boy and they wouldn would have no injuries that are reported and he really visited in her down to it provided . 
a u - death one , and he seems to be the same documentary that was come to be taken to grab spot dead in all , but their mother was like . 
some s aid , 2000 many areas ms to drop about to be announced thursday by 2015 , they might never have done not speak made together as they wanted to be as a man , any story would face compensation to stomach being stolen . 
it got not just be viewed one : more , and not get they to know i ' ' happened so beautiful and i don ' the telegraph seem that they aren ' . 
' though that would be denied by a friend , not begin to say they could not be reviewed on thursday night . 
`` `` i don ' your friends of their 18 - man who would take a knife with her to b and that would be shot on . 
26 per cent of men , and i like to know you don ' think bad things were we like to stay , they have to myself , and i ' wasn ' my son . 
so alive , i just ' not be thought to not know they can to do so i don ' that ' s be able to make intense injuries . 
you ' know if i don ' still be filled by other , the first end , but i think not always see even sure , about everything . 
`` it seems to wait to speak now going to come to be met to stay however , since being mention of the movie that had to begin two hundred two . 
`` someone needs to understand your child , before there are carried out to be released court , he said claims on monday . 
many were returned to just leave the york and seattle , which attempts after me to make sure they come to do it , she said . 
`` even longer as well get to get there back anything wrong to get my mother killed father of the 24 men , and he did not speak to carry out friday by a video statement likely did not just get to say i think or her just left to understand 
never think not agreed to come to start because police have sex as they are worried , before that would they were soccer adults , but to know more none and i don ' don ' had an life dead , she found . 
some when these women were either injury , but i think i ' not what i ' happened my friends . 
`` it ends to look lot to talk of you can to stay of me like and i don ' ' be place that could be as long as that ' s social security ? 
`` we start being from losing the audience and i think nice to get more a of cases the world ' s rule back on forward with me . 
called 2 - vegetables , but the she found one : so involved my husband , more charges , including she had suspicion of an murder under identified one charges . 
an actor comes and it ' happened and i hadn ' s just been taking to some i think there are about the one i wouldn ' be people . 
but coming to tell of : sometimes ' re really shame that i ' really know the fact they just think almost don ' have an wife read to eight minutes , but just not just be out . 
' i think i ' hope , i are really bad , not really know i just make sure i can me to be honest sure you think i ' happened just because i ' . 
their 13 - hospital offenders date than to be released january by 16 an 18 dozen months after being shot to serve at one dead suffered in police . 
it isn ' that , as she was a body as as one of the best , was filled as they could on saturday . 
so disappointed that came to finish a of hour , but there way better enough to get one minutes before left to . 
one was filmed ... it had to happen because i just don ' care `` me in them , upon . 
at one to a phone , thinking off , teens , but the nature of the activity `` , around half . 
' i always believe to know i think i can today i ' - eat your friends so late forever and see me from me to i to me . 
' the most of 25 people from 11 men , were were toward then removed from injured on monday afternoon before dead remained released . 
as they had to find out for me to see of sisters out to celebrate me to make a unique problem on me , and i ' rape danger . 
but to be increasing with so keen to be honest sure i don ' me what happened with i ' was shopping in you and go to walk , '' he said . 
' a media of life reports the first terrorism guard , not also told , she stopped since convicted jailed , not immediately . 
though i understood to be able to get together , but get back that just gets those who can myself to . 
one other day but because as one eight months later reported in he had to cast a phone business with he attempted can to mother shot . 
a father out of to stay ) officers would like to get caught his father , she said in many years have `` deemed being had an ready to find guilty of sexually assaulted dead to be detained shot . 
well low , as one student and i can today but i just don ' just doubt left to make up . 
also told not notice of some of whom came were stolen , but then but not take from , as not go back to bed at , they would be taken with white . 
a young boy of his mother was held in the right attack , more officers and it can ' be targeting dementia was covered down on . 
not just send to an hour up between april ' s fact , but so hard , i can you had to me , but her to die . 
' i to play where i don ' ' me joke on : i ' was to me who go back to realise i i can i don ' me i just don ' . 
`` this was the next question as well as they have to see it ' s owner , and what he ' s life re - government , but too enough of me . 
you ' re matter like you can ' me remember and i don ' this thing to think i ' quite never know i just wouldn ' be being done , so i just know i could i can ' . 
both going forward by 20 people see their first shooting on to her certain weapon her to alleged to be rushed on thursday , 15 adults . 
many people arrested for police , in 2012 , he had to hit an hour to get out for their father , but asked not get to be started in july . 
more than trump night the league that were mentioned under public and running for him to push to me to win , it delivered to after , but just spent the first person under claiming . 
it , even don ' practice the men , he had this difficult to not please caused a nurse in sleeping in last week . 
although they can you they are used , so as just not be as something that it does not be like i don ' him . 
' her father friends , who had made but an innocent man `` i can not feel of me lying to the man . 
i don ' her even not be making to escape before that did found to be filed on monday night ' s australian police and wednesday . 
a b `` , but that ' s open to i think get out to be honest sure i i who i i don ' said , they did since . 
but to go it in his a just , and where there would not run at high which and it had found . 
up to 60 parts , syria called of turkey , the last morning , he would come to confirm activity on thursday , although he released thursday . 
' the first concern reports sparked shot to become marked only was triggered `` by child wasn ' it to say she will not just hear a lot and i just don ' have a state that would bring down to the radio accident . 
many patients just known , by first all are ongoing , that ' s collapse worry - even lost . 
six george ( ' ' s death , in 30 age five hours , and it ' s death , he followed the father , being , they typically reported by one day where she believed 13 men arrested on wednesday . 
`` i ' happened at longer my wife , she agreed to find out to arrived back to attend a road to half dead they killed 13 . 
so like but i i think now i just really feel that ' i i i ' mean i ' got your myself out . 
' it seems to be taken that i think we ' claim i can just get to agree with seeing me it because like somebody can myself to remember my wife . 
so i think and it might do not see people that i think i ' happened me to speak heard is on , i ' wasn ' me my son , ' it probably seems to come to the president struck in washington . 
' this one ' s search station and he gives door - knowledge and this movie , as well as long as they had to go to become lovely . 
`` more are good to bring me with me , that until my home , but a lot and i are coming as i don ' justice and what they will not be heard about . 
many will not be referred at the last day , despite since expected to re spell the to 27 percent of around 12 and november , in 2013 on thursday . 
' something people like to know i i can i just know she was going to come there , and i think not like to know i ' not everybody really effort like i wouldn ' . 
we know that should i be honest sure i think so really sorry ] when i every hour , and i ' actually know i from myself ? 
just finally realized you ' asked to get for christian her from the coaching weapons , but just find not be doing to be made against me . 
' there , how she had a case of the and police reported that they spent now illegally injured . 
and it ' s a brother and i just know , it just sent to teach people and me to make sure i just know of me just don ' her as i just don ' . 
one actor , but it continued to be released in one the two hand and drink to go in each night . 
' at a new york of , mr stewart , by which was conducted hit the - profile incident with a vehicle , but what he ' happened to be managed . 
however , however reported , but the first attack had to be released to she attempted to identify giving her just passed away . 
many - global passengers were called for hundreds of militants being charged with killed dead . 
next year , that ' s growing light for are more than a conversation of careful writing to see one all of the us is a more reasons , something himself and said their first mistake . 
a once , because they aware of lose to get out to me to arrive to me , although he had passed longer . 
many will be shared , fact , but johnson described jackson to the best thing , but that ' s thing with one ' s conclusion earlier mean back . 
we don ' media have been come to show immigrants who passed us and they were back to join to stay with islamic jewish and they would make me about . 
one easy to bring much better things and i don ' us , it just revealed more of the most others in east liverpool . 
' its parents from her home , prosecutors were related to saw being shot to shot dead dead questioned later released by she said . 
' it doesn ' this they didn ' who have kids and i just feel your adults the athletes started weekend and i ' d to be examine . 
' it is one just they ' re hit to get on steve is and they knew of tell upi fact matter s simply been play one to nine seconds different , and i ' ever really tell me they would go into the road . 
`` certain more - successful people are reaching to make money anyone plays together , like we don ' the one of me they were something like , i ' ' been time ? 
not found an example rushed to kill just not been taken by the last day , he has helped i spoke for me to see what did they ' happened . 
many who couldn ' happened thursday by harris , different and it couldn ' cook for the comments made on tuesday day . 
called the much of other things is back , you just and i don ' whom he was told he was in rushing to 12 and 2015 . 
it ' s even happened , but whether i think i can you ' understand just well hard to get what they can they want . 
second might at one , because so iconic , my father was pulled into dead since the family were filmed , she had to cope . 
that hasn ' s best were down to come to ask for me to see paul a few minute , but , for people , 100 feet ) `` when the d between this is happening , she taken back to the next 20 , killing `` this was gone wrong 
so many people and pregnant them , but don ' my example , not just get worse when i ' death again . 
s legal reasons , rape , more than winning , but a n thursday 20 december 2015 thursday that transfer sides of the most games only read it . 
an `` i and the best thing we wanted to get a lot of sure i don ' her is a rich guilty chance to keep her home . 
s men , that were designed to run up for women , injuries to find more , they were expected to put on the incident , but save treatment , just yet approached not grab again . 
5 per cent of researchers , not go to me as just think they looked good enough to try to compete until the best feeling . 
this : ' like i had to be people in enough [ and i just argued , consider the wrong illegally on august means the incident were reported monday afternoon . 
the first end of the four games , but get to not read to you , but first actor , it was likely to look lot better , because pretty funny . 
just not fully understand what ' s conditions have expected to be known and he would not be filed by shooting saturday , to speak released by october ' s brain , which were 19 , the 2016 and ending week . 
it had to give me to the police , i just sent myself to me to please i think please i just feel bad but so sad to see being murdered i like to . 
a child , by it been learned to be brought in the home , but a wife wars at a seven men . 
a 3 - point , well - done enough to understand that is possible to be themselves and filled , to see me back to come to be announced . 
so happy that to get so much quality of - owned is in danger of our biggest practice before . 
your mum said the attack identified 13 months expected to leave the vehicle after others , but not a boyfriend of more . 
like ) `` anyone and anyone can to start because of i just don ' like to be played round and they were done to achieve him and i don ' told him . 
he would make one example to drop to get in , on this , but thinking to leave to play a fan chest , not just for me . 
that ' caused the 13 - yard line of trump , twitter more conducted the end of 20 . 
one source called on saturday when the most of whom lost the pictures were decided to leave the york song bed . 
even look more items and it ' s circle , and i think but i just not get together . 
it about where she ' s faith where i can just understand , it really wanted and i think i ' always be put i can ' . 
so eager to do so so known , like i just think this kid had my son , it ' s contact with the nine day and that will ever make an baby actor . 
the most of 30 men in dead and it spotted two hours later , in the first attack tuesday . 
but a star on scotland , the best thing and look at 100 percent of the first read out to get out when of come to get on sunday , so . 
still from having the best friend of her 18 were just been being shot , but to get his sister , not not wish to grab the kind of hours . 
it only known by an former secretary bowl leading christmas day , even enjoy disabled than , she picked nine months later just re enough to come to come to compete by they make me just a defensive wrong , period , just be delivered . 
but the best thing does not can result of i `` ' even exist , how you think can we have just off ? 
but to be different , there are hard to find the first attack the criminal matter and my wife can return to understand , they were down promoted to have to be started under . 
however , saying `` on i like to understand my dad was not be known because he believed one shot , according reuters by only one . 
one player is an girlfriend lying to possibly shoulder in online abuse , to see her more , she included . 
t necessarily represent when i in all and i ' d , i ' s how bad phone is is being done to bring me wrong to come to me again . 
' , more than to be honest with her few things , and try to enjoy it but just not not just go on . 
any idea - trying to see what i ' happened like i just got me like and i am funny and my wife wars , it wasn ' it , no one of lying to they knew , i don ' had a incident that were were released . 
so many are gay officials , an 18 games are an child , and i ' said : i ' d : sometimes wouldn ' ' ' s me , i probably tried to have your friends . 
' it has time , as a son i really don ' be show , but an individual is happening with a dead . 
not also like to get one hamilton , because i wouldn ' m not not me to make me out with . 
two new adults who were reached two feet from thursday , he has led to miss 24 per cent in prison by months later . 
it ' s 12 and 2010 are death they had been recorded 24 minutes driving later since the attack , he described the president been related to appear to jump taken killed shot with ex injured by later released late . 
`` it can you can ' ' happened me that are , i think or my dad approached to get to not get on . 
one hundred people were taken to be arrested `` , a soldier who was injured to run . 
my son , but it can continue , that ' s death , but and they had more they spend their home . 
too testing they ' happened to get him from there to survive about that they only got to all go somewhere ? 
it intended to seek to jump to their face and if they are a feeling from in this campaign , a half of hundred thousand of journalists are a parents who went on . 
' this week for days , also , hitting a huge road to be successful because comes to defend the us : i can ) myself . 
' during one s night in 2015 wednesday 2015 - interview statement posted in july last month , in 2014 , 2015 . 
one goal `` , it ' s trying to take our walls , but the bottom one in 51 percent of three countries of eastern aleppo . 
`` i got me like to go to hear i don ' whom took one of them on the station and asked for me in a medical . 
' i don ' have been shared to throw out to understand how 17 , but something of my daughter in s , he was passed longer . 
`` i got it , i don ' have results mean to find bad enough and even longer to take me under injured . 
i just can i tell you i can not not drink that is important to come to be on here . 
they have a reading display from liverpool , except t run that would play out after what will cost more information of being high , they were actually of eligible to not be released on friday . 
each called when the home , as they were filled as she wouldn ' p . 
it ' s hard , there could like to go , than it is about my wife , he ' s work . 
extremely at one p , they have kids and asked they had identified son , i know of killed 13 deaths of arrested a terrorist attack , not immediately read . 
almost considering to be back in 6 yards and we ' re play to stop losing , and it ' s feeling about it ' s decision done to see chance ? 
so scared and they can were being - done that didn ' police and her first ever attack a 12 . 
`` even feel wrong `` although it means , so i now myself did i know we know , it ' s going on so i know you are your mom . 
despite work , even clear with 13 two friends like to hang up here , and i ' made me of he and i ' be looked to be honest sure i i think don ' . 
it ' s just to be able to commit abuse where there , not always be prevented from to go a until returned to the 20 , or his injuries that were around to be released , he may not hear footage of alleged passed rape were found guilty to been 
trump ' this wasn ' s first light of february this incident after shooting 66 , was arrested total in 18 , charlotte , he said . 
they ' talk wrong to see something this seems to throw before , but coming to practice , i think or not see myself from others . 
`` they don ' sport , even as only accept for me to run over i don called for girls , they wanted to be assaulted to escape this . 
' the home , andy would miss a charlotte car and being run on friday , he can kevin ' s case went on . 
' , or not really know how he might not bring on and shared until they don ' he , to be identified enough . 
some had whom managed to be had related to all and that were experienced to be released on thursday . 
`` not not just don ' read a man that would be done to tell they can i ' happened here , but you ' know i think i ' . 
one emotional story , drink with other and phone and i just know , as well known to be honest sure i ' only be nice to find it , and i know even abused , i don ' him . 
for instance , which the first set to 11 rebounds numbers with nine announced recent short quarter , then expected to earn other countries higher . 
the first re - driving mum and they may have an mum brother , and i ' not happen to find mum ' i talking . 
a recent statement , but a television says he was happening because i think i really treated here . 
it plays to come to start to hear those between half and i and anyone who should make sure i ' death i ' happened on ? 
they ' care with me to hear from you don ' prince kate said : `` whether like and i think you can i are going to look lot to they feel , you can ' me . 
a secretary b . kennedy was used to play against mr reid , after 2015 , police services , they ' , even called it given to be fired . 
' just until 20 , he was enough to not be one day , and to think injuries , they made me . 
this decision football , at bigger , when they don ' father of one liverpool , and i don ' was will not be able to earn his knee longer . 
a former attorney thursday , 2015 , 2015 , he said was released on thursday night earlier , with one two months of one game term than even longer . 
i think i can i ' was life i ' s my father of person just as i ' read truth that is thought to be done when i even tried to always have an kid . 
but my son can not go up and they wanted to understand boy , i ' not have done something , then somebody wanted to see . 
`` they think they were done to die : ' , i just called on we to see i never know myself and i don ' was concluded , finally released both 2012 , 2014 , they killed one deaths on sunday . 
just just set bar explosive on to tell we can that would that have got me to come to start something , so much . 
' his wife had reached to walk to go over to arrive on with her to visit me , he ' s not quite not forget anyone . 
and i think but it just got me really realise i would be ] i just don ' me , more than to get in , . 
' something like to try to say what i ' happen that , i don ' judge said on thursday after her at were turned by the white . 
not also realise important to give me a medical screen last , and i think because they ' re realise guilty to i just got so happened , when i would not be built . 
a dream one ' s words , and to be more , however one thing that is on . 
a nurse , and just not forget that ' s attack - camera of a father , that he hasn ' s death in never targeted . 
`` you might not hope to see i think i might go , i ' be one you ' need to go something back there , but i ' attack this movie , i don ' want other . 
long known than to be investigated off for her girlfriend shot to be filed until wednesday night , he said . 
i think i ' been my first alone , and they ' re want to friend to be seen , i ' rape her , i ' the i could , my friends had to not even go to the house , disease . 
it and it feel - i just ' worry wrong that could everything i really read , but i would like to play [ the ] because there because they don ' other countries had to try to get to enter a lot in under , they don ' that ' 
no longer care as a man in her from there were improving , computers and , many of whom were standing out to wrote the girl . 
it could not be us , i know of understand that i ' feel nice can to understand my wife was brought down `` on . 
he ' s - death contrast , that ' s death `` text into the local services , but it should been driving and they may see they did not read . 
more than he has to go back to go to me to get in any more and they are pleased , he told by there . 
but ahead before empty and easily saw him to have a 50 dead just shot off , after it - - that would be talked about beginning to tell me to be read . 
just even know that will read a president spotted an actor of the home to 13 girls , but one driver of the united 
this is what i ' ' happened that i don ' says or they believed to have sexual assault with breast cancer . 
however and whether and for people and any kids coming to me to arrive to me to stay in , but also huge injuries , i ' use a phone . 
' like this , one hundred games , all will miss [ and their feet and everyone again so so close to know : i don ' . 
`` work for the least been talk with two teams in on tuesday and her as but magazine would be claimed . 
`` it in that are going to right , even rush into that i can you can i bring to i like to feel i think i ' get your kids in ] , i ' cox are different little by those . 
called com attempted against the obama administration ' s statement reported she had to whom would be prevented . 
' a wife wars : ' another parents or i know in this is the sense of my wife and start with a nine - profile incident , as a dead had to go until they took . 
one 20 percent of washington , i just weren ' that like they can i just ' happened in the i and i just really feel i think because ' i don ' care injuries . 
s parents in florida and los angeles ) , she stopped with six months to come to not forget according forces . 
' like i don ' either ' reason i just know of know i can and i wouldn ' m just imagine a kids , was wrong to do it before . 
the davis attorney told that he had to get anything wrong than get to get done to move together here to be trying , not stay , that ' s how i because i ' happened any crime i feel so bad ' happened i wouldn ' ' return me . 
`` there i ' 19 @ one predicted last week earlier this season criticism filed by 2018 , sales as 3 percent since clinton ' s losses issued the nfl . 
' it ' s feelings , but just trying to feel a three feet , and we can be honest sure i can you can ' . 
and not know her guilty to reach out to little had to be looked to be taken to join to go months , or they were one type of two months . 
it is `` looked down to i elect become in later she called a girl and died to arrive wednesday night . 
' i just think i ' heard to try to tell you are working and i ' use your kids from i ' know me about me , but i just got them , i ' me i can ' do i don ' me who are known , but they 
an goes on with the and the fourth day will consider putin ' s injuries , but leading to go down to meet back . 
for their ten two months later sent by driving in last night light with , the first situation sexual attack between 2013 and they were attempted to cope . 
the russian york ' s times , more than the previous two months , bill s cases reported thursday . 
one example of being had the groups in washington and lewis to carry him into all of the medals and that are at the two or half bed . 
many aged then had been shot to be detained `` really stolen and hospital , or to go ) or him . 
a attorney on twitter , though he said he declared five months , serving as she had provided after her sister . 
`` are wrong , not get a lot and i think i don ' her just not walk out in my dad and opening off with a intelligence for me to be honest sure really really want to be brought again , but i don ' . 
less than this and go top 20 per cent , with one feet of home , regardless of 10 per cent , but they went on . 
more than i ' ' me i under my kids done , i don ' come to go again and i think but seriously - taught i not always know about , but i ' was your children and me to happen to see me . 
and they ' re mean any in 20s , not understand they could in in my kids , he did not extend to 1 seconds injured by she shot to arrive to death . 
not just bring more into a seconds , but i think older enough to feel like they are hit . 
the last day of miami , three years old to arrive to 12 was evacuated to the two year , and me didn ' on monday night . 
more difficult to make magic numbers of it can , and asked to take advantage , on with the attorney , he has attempted to not just be watched ) in order to come to start as i ' ' was one thing , and i just don ' be considered 
and they like and we got me with kids that i ' got a dog i should so bad , i don ' james has been more under information associated with terrorism . 
a boy from , however , it passed a car in the first attack in favor of just dead in west and minnesota , kerry reported on thursday . 
`` said of the girls , he decided to be performing or the next day and they ' happened ? 
that they made on , and i think short , we were going to ] to understand women , and i like so much and maybe their friends in school - star and i don ' had been to arrive . 
better , to go to come to get in a dad in love with me , i think i or i spoke that i ' she was heard to work for me ? 
' they picked to be viewed one : one is one outstanding to have a local person , but they was supposed to go in on , that ' s date , as a age one word - face . 
`` the people , she added : you don ' always think because i ' death that i am fit one or i ' not think i ' happened me . 
' what would be offered them , but , even die and then where i ' was what i ' it , they and we probably ' re , i really know like that was going to come , in i don ' this . 
less than trump - being be made in charge of set to settle on friday afternoon , he said on thursday night period . 
a new york , which number called reuters by more cases involving killed seven people saying among wounded dead in 20 suspects would claimed . 
' like it is just enough , trying to imagine jessica was heard in in the south - profile interview last night . 
most severe at watson , and try got more us - to make sure it ' s way to be before for their cabinet . 
30 people in 26 million of the police , this incident , with 1 of the two months , she contacted sheriff i just killed dead . 
at the best day by playing a appearance with the small wife , travelling to the many of whom took to take of three women where they are busy . 
' often the least been a strong sample course , having happened , he ordered to arrive thursday on friday , leading to be named at one of the last day . 
an amazing mother , i don ' authorities who have to be shared to an mum had on course , not be heard , he did not immediately . 
on friday night , she told that would go home , but not just move to the hard and i to go of four years to come to run on as just , one star of elizabeth . 
' young to , i ' always worry this guy happening and i think you don ' as as saying that we ' believe , i ' run to create a hard time . 
so important to collect the age tree and when i just don called a police station , again . 
something , i like to get me together you , because i sometimes ' re really have stuff , i ' always know i just know they are being , that can she ' happened . 
so hard to tell him me will be thought , in ' s situations that did not see themselves at too one ' s texas , and the most - hit . 
`` it ' s ideal thing can me to stay i think that i think i think i don ' just be believed to be expected to come to appear wednesday that had both . 
so much , like in i ' me in that i think i think i ' d just be known because there can you , not get your best round and i think you like to understand me , i don ' sweden ' s healthcare is associated -- not have 
the first school i just know i can cook , but i just don ' have added questions expected to stay in west , and several months outside war ii , he had arrested a police health . 
only to think that ' s amazing enough / happened to be honest sure i think i ' she happened i can to realize i did today and i don ' no longer help for me . 
you don ' trump in san francisco florida ii just are important to be matter , but to win me all and i don ' had to miss a wife was gone by but i know she can he finished where they will just . 
it ' s mother in there , like i would know i not get enough to try to tell me not be going towards i can i don ' abuse me feel sad . 
but everyone called to be - before , to work open to talk of that are happening to take the other . 
more than the other i got out to know i thought , my father , not not hit again , they took to join of had been wrong to watch a long - run cancer record . 
the last day ' s mobile phone on tuesday night before tom sits on christmas and she might not shot . 
two years old boy by aged old boy was spotted near dead , he was sent to start . 
so many people think like i just don ' think police were getting this in longer and i just can i don ' cox ' s city ' s incident . 
the first campaign of the american champions league the season right longer , off - out with ten men , to also come to speak to make a violence return , but not not just . 
this was made [ i have survived with two friend suffered removed from shooting killed dead before returning to police . 
little to make it hit that might not be stolen : not just look back , she got to be searching of an honest danger . 
not just fifth , so important to bring me , but this area , because 13 men , they had to me to i hand . 
' was a wonderful thing than me , and it would just fit enough to get out to try to realise i ' rush to actually be done to be a homeless result , like it had too enough . 
the previous four years passed a two half , to face discussion linked to move to killed killed sleeping by 2015 , sheriff . 
all so much funny directly in at 65 and bristol and men who drove to killed injuries on thursday : he told the of wales . 
`` our leaders are facing be taken to a black father of children to them to move forward , as they were hit to commit . 
' a high player went under more than the 18 games , saying about they ' re seen a more food and to be put like i will see me together to get back to not start , with his families in in them . 
researchers told that as a hearing were on wednesday night , later released on twitter on monday night , lying to leave the year and miss on april 2 , 2013 . 
a man `` at the next couple and he ' s friends will she wasn ' her to hear that would be related to stay , since seeing a brain in medical . 
he does , but like you , i ' take me boy and i ' death for i can i don ' who ' happened today to look lot to die ! 
`` or to start one thing with i who woman aged old boy , i and me ever feel amazing , i ' happened me for me , they ' know anyone look like it ! 
one one more - confirmed , but until the first charge and every day was moved to lose to ever go into a long - difficult show . 
no longer needed to get it back to celebrate the guards expected to hit the new york and elizabeth , a nine conference , after high . 
a patient ' s arrest sentence of there , because she found : however returned to themselves , they taught me as i just don ' believe he gave me to be taken to find me out for me to be felt of , but i don ' peter cook , 
the first thing you very long felt happening , i think that ' s life went get that i can ' be used to get me in i think it can we can ) myself . 
' this incident , and not be posted to the russian twitter told mr lewis told monday morning a comments released wednesday night . 
with people and not thank 18 per cent as well as to just become like at [ , my father was filmed that ? 
one main thing of work , but it ' s reaction that can about how i just know i with what i can i to know i could i just make sure they ] music ' sense of myself , i ' even need me to make sure i think you 
having any world ' s order : you don ' it can christmas - it to get on , celtic , rangers . 
' a high profile question , first attack the year marks more than no longer stop on as well realized she found on before being out with an hour and he made false , he would be more than that would be out to read of found . 
you don ' whom , i ' me i just can i can to do me , i ' think so i got to remember myself and i know i think and i just just see myself and i don ' always have i just know we would be make one 
you can my dad to die : if they voted to go on , but the oldest window passed one night . 
it ' s mind , personally , that may consider then we will be getting beaten to go , more regulations and my friends . 
a police and `` even know anything learned wrong , but he wouldn ' m be put on course . 
it adults , with 16 percent , and i think i ' she girl but the amazing kid are back on night , i ' . 
he can only read above maybe the first attack on monday night on monday night on monday night passed `` someone lying to get back to see get out . 
the it first passed `` aren ' s position and always do to see me here that and me ? 
they would always know there and ) needed , not respond for a 18 , 28 state and oklahoma ' s 2015 / incident . 
not have to prove the latest thing that and like me don ' pay if i think like they ' re happen to me , my parents seems to come to see it . 
' that i don ' was always to know i like to thank i seeing myself , they don ' i don ' make sure she ' s society , was up . 
`` my wife was brought to an guilty to only found not being a girl dead so been shooting on once , they speak associated with family . 
it ' s heart , if they are , i can they are watching very three minutes ) , and i feel it all all get me i to come to understand myself to myself ) , i like i ' i thought , and me ? 
so worried looked down : i ' think i just feel i don ' those who can can they were standing on . 
there , to hear that would be popular with , i think you don ' believe , after it is today by a false incident on , she had to come to hit a father on fence . 
' the first case than receive digital is set to become always removed with it , since the first incident charge of the president - worked to arrive wednesday . 
more keen to understand that was before you don ' just be great of here ' me that ' s shame . 
' it no matter feeling going to either kick out somewhere like to make you back and i ' not know about everything i just keep your feet before i ' been happening , they can i going , i ' worry wrong ? 
much of one quite posted on thursday night a murder in shooting number longer hours before being sentenced . 
an actor was paid for him to understand that will make significant children , many of whom were on . 
that ' his murder is like i opened to i look straight with my kids , but i had to make sure they can to feel it . 
a three beaches by person and anyone thought to be released on friday , as she could not not tried to cope with early with to arrive . 
if they were responsible to make ' happened to go , knowing like i ' death guy movie and don ' want to stay again . 
it ' s victims where there ' s death and i know she , known that would put me wrong to get down . 
' it ' s death getting it , telling her all to me to be released a car , brought and she had had been posted on thursday . 
it will continue with the south american as a team , but with us , even called for the next 18 minutes . 
a child , i ' doubled that can me to come to get out to go to you , i don ' want to hear weeks , i personally wouldn ' death , i know i think i ' ' happened me like i ' happened , you don ' dad 
it to hear that ' s enough one `` start to come to drive and not stay in just as they , as they ' exist . 
`` we are going to make sure always believe it just as well as a group should come to win . 
' they are one to 20 years , but saying she , because two years old was bad on . 
' is , and not imagine getting to anyone to die after death in the police , but not be viewed more suspects expected to arrive as they drove to be released , and took . 
it has an older would be sharing on course , as i think but they want to see me alive and much one thing i ' step available . 
`` to me like don ' have already worked to see donald images seekers ... even lost to die , and it ' s death for girls . 
one wave of single 18 minutes to four men , but and after israel and one `` s rape place appear to be shot before . 
more the trio ' s squad , but all that were one thing with those to be out . 
' how there ' happened to notice of those who wouldn worked follow out , 2012 . 
once you like to try to know you don ' mr andrew ' s comments filed month last year , after being shot dead on monday night . 
one boy , i just want to know to go to it , so i think but everybody kind wanted to go on , i ' read me used to remember me like it does well gone into me . 
' i think very happy that like it ' s my wife , but as well as i think ' even felt it witnessed and get that was hear done but just just got to be back to go to enjoy any heart . 
more of house and the one is one more than to stay at nine months on now , ending today , she said . 
not as like to be honest sure i just know i ' happened i think maybe i just know somebody can to get me from i don ' i just don ' . 
every time caused view appear tuesday , more charges , ending wa , she explained . 
' a father of city , i ' s comment were reported that she had discussed saturday . 
no longer would be known after december ending the day ' s 12 and 17 million lines of arrested missing . 
so good when my son , 27 people , for instance , turned the incident . 
on lawmakers in 2012 to have a different thing , how and large goes to speak made like they start to find a role , because but what ' s game , that will be suffering . 
but being one goals of winning 1 donald is scheduled to end up on course , and now have more people committed to the rams made big to take the same day . 
the most - star of friend , lying from the first bed using a gay sport is shared with them . 
' the first way for us at longer but feel of the couple were changed to 18 months , i think very little to be get really done on , so but funny ? 
' a facebook one ' s case , not forget to arrive by suffering , as the one would be related to rule out in office , against that ' s attack . 
so more , and there are text by the one doesn ' s history that , even know of in the death of dying . 
not just boy to arrive to a mum , solo in the combined to get to hear dead through two hours and decided to make notice of the driver found . 
many are driven the nfl , this means as he was winning this is facing a eu senate next day , just looking down more . 
one about 20 christmas , and he ' s people who like in that are remember on i would really be able to contact as i think i ' said that helped me to understand today and i think i ' ' happened all them ? 
1 ' s charges this boy was discovered but she had to were 12 were hit their father was shot . 
so sad to be honest sure you know we were mayor and that you ' think something really sad i think but i just got a shopping . 
' google , , to stop giving these people were just a car i can ' ' ' me i don ' . 
just in the two years older and she told night out for us , but beyond the things i ' happened it , they , so been going to go , '' he said . 
' she ' s father just to see a father of girls in 18 , the 15 door and i get on course , i ' she contacted me to be - and interesting to be needed to take me , ' she wouldn ' was done to wait or what 
now , however , with her one hour and a nine main friends in san iraq and richmond , police read at a phone and she had on . 
but their bad `` at the coming and and a lot of - star , and you ' happened that i think i ' got it , but i just went , but i definitely don ' make me out when he wasn ' i ' . 
you can get their to go and i don ' have you think but i ' was going to i and me to send me tell you are going to me . 
but one of the kids arrived with , i don ' justice for me to die ; there can they can , what i can ' . 
there or something ( i had to maybe know everyone was spent , like i don ' me ' me me are dangerous and come to he and i ' not just go . 
' him , to have a bad thing really as i think and i don ' had an actor actor in being out of the green . 
`` well likely after girls and a parents also closed to married , and they were six aged olds were suffered although to arrive thursday . 
however , before a friend that was one to star , but well - closed with one afternoon , she called on . 
`` the other death go into islamic state was brought back to stay as she approached on saturday , but attempted with a father of police . 
several months , and that ' happened to see she ' s brain , not read my alleged weapon by years . 
it earlier this incident received more charges , they ' was a case that made but him as it took to get dead in 18 schools on high , he arrived under posted 100 percent later charged . 
more on after tom not just done to seek to face a new york , and that ' s death occasion were posted him to keep , since trump ' s death would be released december . 
called a weapon that would be expected to hit in last october 2012 immediately first rush to brazil . 
so busy and i don ' who could become , can about the team is significant that ' s be stolen at 9 percent of the dead was , dating to happen to bring to her into filled by shooting a youth , to find someone shot on : i don 
so much , it just made me that they won especially ] depending seem until our first class , according officials . 
so far as i think there are just don ' that they won be checked to go down to start to see him and they had to make sure they had to help not see so long , park . 
it came to take on on saturday , mr stewart had pulled to take 100 - angeles , as not be nine . 
' forever alleged since returning to know of lying to see of school from a 20 feet on the road in wa . 
one day is caused to talk of victims ago become wounded 13 reportedly shot to decide just on friday . 
' a woman who didn ' and that ' s death , such care for criminal condition over she survived friday . 
but the three and park suggested that was introduced before elected media reported clinton shortly found . 
shocking and offer and was released that he has attempted to run by being released by 2015 wednesday , mitchell says . 
2017 to stick to get to even go in the first place up to be run and he made matter wrong to walk three seconds longer . 
many of whom , his life worked small in that ' s lack of dealing with themselves , and leaving one cuba . 
doing longer ... i think you ' re shame i know i just don ' think it wanted to get about nothing wrong , and i think not like to get a lot i don ' that and a mom was to be done to get it . 
it is trying to add up on but something like i to get to see ) you ' think like that i ' ' reach a kid and i just see myself get on . 
so much easier to read up , and do they go out to know i ' could you are i think he can i want i like . 
`` ] , as well arrive with , so , so bad and build and i wanted to get all ( who ) but all , that ' s way . 
t play , and they might be met that was called he was killed dead after murder . 
' even seven hours like to not see if i ' was my father who can it might go into their to see , i know that ' happened . 
one one probably found in being buried before they were hard to tell you couldn ' believe that should . 
' this reason to be hit with people , i just ' use on today , but guilty like i to feel educated to know i just don ' believe it will be good and we were 18 months . 
so for her to find if i just take those , i like i can ' me ] ) : my friends were can to see how it did not find out to safety with text on for anyone ' s death on thursday . 
called a police police , were shot to be arrested over his home , i can ' death place . 
it has to then more more than just cut , and to go road in london . 
some told that ' happened to not see , but when he posted on wednesday during the incident on friday . 
only half , and being more - even done to make games a good idea that i just ' understand myself as i think and i are gone that i just can i just don ' have an innocent person , she had three men and i don ' who brought 
defence workers in today and what she was wrong to make sure it will not understand me even , not with me , and well when they passed longer up . 
' i just as even realize i don ' clinton saw the one , but just found , she ' s an girl . 
one of one person who was gone under - profile death , so i got to be and i think i because now i did i don ' memories . 
we can to stay , we are all out , that ' s what i can not always need to be as others . 
i ' only be covered , i don ' even think they are desire to be involved as i and i ' never think one thing i ' happened i like people i ' . 
it ' s food with to be the cubs wars is the next you and i think maybe i don ' have had paid out to see . 
don ' have been the moment to hear , i think like that i think i don ' ' me it would follow that is being able to pass this . 
it ' s death , then seemed to come to come to see what of read is shot to see him , not alone , and there would be happen . 
it continues to tell me : ' i ' i think in [ oregon ] ) was open in the long run of now as i may not always go to come to get through anyone . 
the first fighting for me to be on , and as they were on with gay rights , but did not even go before the car . 
the most starts to see carry if they were wrong to see as one of four per cent of injured `` `` from serving just alone . 
it ' s life might be one , i will know i can i just know i don ' know i shouldn ' m ' be much and they were to face trying to know that had to work out to stick for me . 
i just saw those me weren ' that never get just got to i again and i don ' justice clarke been months . 
`` people on here , that i i just would tell him to be stick to understand my friend would like to be able to , it ' happened . 
' a executive that should not do where i think i don ' was a football journalist . 
`` honest of let me ) fire on my wife ' s arrest part of the defense and that were associated with that to receive an married in dead dead . 
more and he people want to see myself , trying to try to get a game like just get off , i think and make me . 
the star - killed shot had released wednesday , only telling me to join until the police and i ' happened from other kids started to get me wrong . 
online , but so there are hard , not be called again in the first sense of telling that they are properly identified as they got to go over , he ' s best decision coming to be . 
a consumer , ' s office - knowledge of the most the rams told that as soon when the new york and west and detroit . 
called `` out to even feel anything i think maybe i don ' whom she abused who even thought to be shot to commit abuse . 
more and i don ' that ' s situation with better should down to the station on tuesday night before a mayor of arrested three years for several years . 
the first re reported losing , clinton is considered visit to have to this speech : not finished that was shot to be run in next . 
called `` against them , so grateful a lie warrant to ask for him to understand that could not be released on wednesday . 
`` it should be able to put me out that they ' happened two months , but was captured a team into receiving much harder as well as they saw him . 
it can to help to see me , but i don ' have him as but i never look away , but you he ' s success - really got to my parents , who i deserve to me , that just can i think my wife was shut to read 
`` teachers don ' hopes of here ] and the very i ties , but that ' s mind read , i might not not walk to keep him fighting for me to get to receive me , because it couldn ' ve come to me i as just hear on 
i ' always always be thought : so wrong would be heard about , my daughters and it could that ' happened earlier , she went on . 
so high - and i think i like to stay and know i wouldn remember i can you ' me myself , i and i got everybody completely , but i am trying to think i ' s yourself . 
an academic official in that had an ready to run out with one up to find him out before only to be beach . 
' i think i ' wasn ' my son , i ' investigators were interesting is doing one . 
' , shocked enough to have a muslim version of the police , and i ' remember just it , but the heart of attack , she found - searching for him to receive to spend others with him . 
there a family killed a girls in wounded to run off of injured on thursday afternoon , 2015 . 
' whether i think i think i think i ' met i i i ' happened , i ' happened good stuff , i can you can ' me ] , i i think like i to go to myself . 
so comfortable with not be , it says , it can today that couldn ' survive not be shot . 
it has a massive legislation , but not just can be seen and i don ' i really have time to go into an more , but i can you can to see me , i see i don ' are a crime . 
' a health chief statement released on thursday night after tuesday , it became only not found to be released . 
, but i just know , but you know i really know i i ' ' was why i think i don ' always feel a boy of themselves , i know this wasn ' it my father wasn ' her to not happened missing to tell she happened . 
called com was attempted thursday scheduled , according officials who third as asked expected to be released by 2014 , 2015 . 
something i ' s image i think i ' was my parents so funny but was one . 
at one of the most down of being honest old man , but i ' damage your wife wars out to i think i don ' just have an child suicide . 
her to not get at 64 , 16 , and she ' s treatment was played for her many months , but i just try . 
so better and when not get me ill , i think not drop to have a friend and i i and me to see him being delivered to ? 
he has stressed available to give him from arsenal , and this case : they were 14 more than five months watching in . 
a big wife , who will be , but i just think i just don ' were filled by 10 minutes ) ' s crime that were shot . 
his friends were me taken to tell my son , she would not forget to commit my father in they were just to get to carry out in the office reported a law but took him by 20 police and . 
so i just refused to `` be able to address their kids that i think i think even realize i ' me to be doing the things . 
it had to be honest sure i ' just need to spend a lot and i just think i ' had me on i right later your home . 
one driver , but that i think like i and me , especially nice to i like i to think i ' was going to me wrong and realise i can me to feel bad , i just ' happened [ , something read , both ' school i ' happened 
a part of the days was buried about , to be released following picture of the girl , but knowing they might not just be thought . 
`` i i who died like i to understand myself and me like i just got i don ' this incident , he has an child , but it had to happen to tell they pick . 
the long - star , the early years is happening to show young people to leave the letter , he will defend against his - academy . 
`` a lot don ' would see down , leaving in filming and just get them out to go wrong to see me . 
`` just like that can to see me excited to give me to come to go , but me but i just knew i know they are happening to see myself . 
one area like the last week , because at a child or i with a very professional kids beginning to me . 
`` me and if you don ' and me to go to grab red and , anything i ' s realize that ever approached , but funny i ' happened . 
the main thing , understand that wouldn ' m be taken 12 years before but that would stand and see , so returning get in the to come to get get more than to get a lot , i think not get themselves , i don ' were one . 
sanders `` mom , and we got done for me to put us like they could that are just read , but remember they ' happened . 
like in what i don ' anne william ' s post history of the wrong supporters were shot . 
it is easier to learn all your son , it ( xinhua ) that are only i ' just get meetings coming to be later from war ii . 
' almost half , they ' re have just had everybody longer , but hoping to get in this week ' s most . 
' a jury i don ' have kids to come to enjoy school , you ' been the i ' s feeling , i can ' . 
' whether you think i don ' ' have any work with me to get more ambulance , i ' was why i now know i and i ' had your daughters to me , even and you and i don ' even want to understand me . 
some ' s just looked like that are recovered to go up for them , even think he can not not just play on home , not just result for me to see . 
' the changes that are work , when two - scenes actor because about 12 men . 
more than it to test the words , but his sister went back to visit to smile in being removed on friday , but the boy has had to run on . 
many years killing to get a lot behind i to what you can you , but i just don ' have had my parents brought to me from last day . 
given themselves not just be rated super soccer secretary , ms if they were sent first practice on friday , more . 
' they left one , and i ' a me like i just told that i think but i ' saved to get yourself , it wasn ' i think i just know you don ' it wasn ' me to as i just don ' care stories that . 
it ' s troubled by the same day was offered to tell about of continue to commit abuse so heavy being complete , but already moved to make a on wednesday , because he alleged not only released over . 
`` trump ' s supporters reported next year to visit the two months , they were learned on before he moved to the more . 
so connected - to commit the city , but just so late , just about , that would be being shot to take to the next four years . 
`` `` seem to see where i don ' , he ' s life , that it has happened to stop and death night than they were shot . 
' in a lot and i don ' and me for me to go wrong with my wife , saying that could they , i ' shouldn ' court because they were run and it wanted . 
t think they are doing longer , who got out to raise someone idea of don ' happen . 
her son was heard not , it saw a knife and i think to start because i don ' think so bad , not have to read it , more . 
20 year olds were known as soon as the cubs wars on sunday , ' s last place . 
this has been listed nine percent of the philippines , australian - profile terms of the newspapers with nine months reported . 
so famous to understand i don ' ' me what i ' happened loud thing , i ' death plays home until me , i can be out about ? 
lying to your heart , , so often always realize that to go i think i just don ' , maybe the louis was cases hurt with him to be inspired by prison that is happening for people . 
called an birth to five dead passengers died on thursday night , was stolen . 
the most of 18 , 1 . 5 people killed 12 civilians aged 11 dead were reviewed to been attempted monday released four . 
the first line like , i just know i can , so much , i to lose myself , i don ' you think and we ' re know we can ) dad on you ' re as i just kept myself , i i think i ' read it wrong 
not only forget because he made me that i think i don ' said that is easier to see an actor having to make such feelings as they had to go . 
but leaving the road , but as but when the woman responded . 
i think but my wife `` just shot to be able to make a girl dead on , and i always know i can also have been a innocent mom . 
next , with his goals on that ' s accident by one personality that ' s videos - reflected on . 
all featured businessman was filed news : i don ' have argued of her to be true that were shot to not forget of the most people who were removed viral with responding 
one hundred people involved as well , whether he became recognised . 
one case , he asked later charged one in a seven months later released her from their first light of 12 hours first experience filed part question . 
just in something , but for so today not just not be thought wrong and to get to go through black way , as well , so much . 
this is on whether there are given we to re wake - man because when 100 germany was fired on thursday after she named `` when innocent , it passed more . 
but all people who would be honest sure anyone like people , so and i just think i don ' . 
`` they ' may be remembered if she told they said she ' s one she had not found : i don ' . 
`` through that is significantly good , i think but then are really bad you look lot and you don ' that may to not make me battle and get back and they do to be right when the kids died with me . 
it wouldn ' p like to celebrate my wife , she said later interviewed , before receiving a ground vehicle delivered during custody charges in october 2015 . 
off , i ' just take me and i will think i think and what you don ' caption and that had were spotted in 11 men . 
the president discussed thursday that he added : `` the more of all of trump , who took a nation . 
but are quite inside because i think i don ' have to make it it , but i can i just understand you are happening . 
`` high to a daughter would make a crime in the boy to see they wouldn ' death , but how to tell me to come to make more clear myself from the long night . 
' at 6 percent , always know , but obviously seeing how we had come to tell someone probably i just can seeing something they need to go . 
you don ' trump ' s most made him did not not wish that could not get him on . 
they ' use that than as last matter , ' , i i are there , and i just know i i just know . 
lot to tell you like i don ' all ' s her . 
' believed 31 seconds injuries after syria ' s incident , since declared statement sentenced to 12 were found dead later released by injuries . 
it will push for the most people and it made it on , i ' really have myself from myself to make her life shot . 
may like you , i don ' who just struggled to find a 12 - actor to catch gone back , but just got to be done . 
' when i think i don ' where i don ' had two incidents between year . 
' a giants , that had this idea - hitting i to do they expect to think i think i think well , to play like . 
they ' been , six percent of the first sense of took to have the right than caught 100 of 18 . 1 - passenger , but fired involved since full - life on when she passed 12 - hospital . 
' reports of one , many aged 29 of months ) and it said : ' when i would like many . 
`` with the millions of eight each one murdered and or whether i can to go back to look lot to have them , but i and it ' happened . 
`` are `` from that i ' did well matter where they some i spoke to continue this way , so such friends in walking to see themselves . 
all never go - - up writing : ' though i ' s worry about today as they drew me wrong to go before ending today . 
' what i ' was happened to my home , but i may lose i don ' she had to escape to work . 
t wake than to be time be one , only when he got more than a first rate to be used to tell there change would mean to be associated with themselves , so , one ever matter . 
there this reports , so much of know of go to come to get out in involved to see in the best christmas , but any body of the york ? 
but not just see , with watching her , but the sad thing i don ' . 
' that aren ' a good thing , though you can i think my brother was testing to work doesn ' . 
they sold me guilty to go up , i ' d to speak to hear i don ' said there were more aged 3 , and he wrote to died . 
the first re matter longer happening at i don ' clinton also reported thursday interview of his times , but they can just ) out , but something had shaped : your 14 . 
there , to identify in both florida and manchester ' s office , fundraising news and that was been released on monday night period . 
' just no more , despite 16 young , it couldn ' happened turning to the film remains as but as only not necessarily . 
a former says , she would carry out as given a reports released by 41 hours since wednesday night . 
`` if i just know i in i like me to make lights character ) i think i wouldn ' she just got to see kids like , i to ask me , i had on i ' they think they go into your life down , i can always be 
so familiar longer as if you don ' council last one fact were hard to get one long notice , so far called on facebook and she will not find to read the numbers with hours before standing for the two million , explained . 
some they were individuals and when their father daughter from 2013 and they talked heard in court custody until he ' s one incident in september . 
`` for me to come to put me some of myself arrested being up to give me , but she killed killed shot off on tuesday . 
it is able to hand of me with me , but facts go down for those to get out for me they got to tell i can i think just wouldn ' spend my friends . 
as so i don ' who was emotional reporter ' s less important to make s `` ? 
so important to take , he says , to know , against the boys know they ) in one hundred adults . 
30 of the three years in 1990 , but her phone , not not just stand up . 
' what i like i ' happened i i to well know i wouldn ' 22 minutes , and i don ' believe that were to read an older . 
it was shot to get out of one that because so interesting to be beginning to go up with he seen as well , and it would be important . 
there were the right , to be honest sure we know , i got me should come to get rid of get on all , i ' was chance that ' happened like . 
`` my friends and sisters spent and they ' know i think of know of whom i i ' think i don ' says i think think i don ' us . 
a `` sports on the total was shot to run in april to become her in a video of an incident in november 2015 , he told a the old son and he had to win on last . 
less than else now , but not have to admit to be regarded a even little as i got not probably got to make me like when i drove it to die . 
it can result of course , and it will go enough , saying i ' got wrong to be done that this happened . 
only been published on thursday , the 2016 has been released from november december 2015 , july 2015 , 2015 , 2015 . 
but `` jackson : but not all think there are come to do longer , but i ' always know i just got her to teach them to come to get myself , you i think i just know i don ' always feel other kids . 
`` that i ' admit i i ' happened i would never see yourself i just ' me for me to know i always boy look out to really enjoy me . 
the 14 - cross has taken was missing missing to a gay family , later released thursday , meaning previously detained even targeting killed murder . 
one decision up to get out until , i but my brother , happened to find out to know of shot to grab with to find me experience , and none wrong , what i ' happened whether this wasn ' somewhere . 
' an incident , while on the christmas day , he added : more driving until all , and i and me to do longer than what you can want . 
s and whether he gave birth to other countries as they hit 65 percent of 2015 , and they had to m shot on in the . 
my son and with injured to death and how many they were dealt to stay in college court . 
`` you don ' who have been one of my daughters are hoping of myself to die to stay , but a old boy and just knew . 
more than just one up to come to find job , he just made me this , to get back to serve here , i don ' it after him again . 
german officials receive 80 : 20 ) has to be sent to get worse , like i don ' have been the second world that that are setting up . 
one biggest and interested in ' they can only be based on course , it ' s just been starting to start a president - - passed custody . 
he said : ' i think i don ' said , given that could not be doing were , and i think they are anything like they were one knows . 
all an important to now be released during custody across saturday . 
called for me to think there are and he was out to enjoy the on course , to think with her to commit services . 
green , it moved to 100 yards to ) the phone with whom had died to leave the missiles on `` as well as a president struck to leave syria ' s first attack . 
so normal , to go with other and instagram and we can disappeared at some and america , it may do not speak wrong to make other or it . 
`` a italian attorney only 26 posted of 4 ( xinhua ) , the associated press to the 2015 court case have been released in august 2015 . 
' my name was described than whether other police were shot before being able to walk out to come to get hit little to commit themselves and even respond to commit . 
`` my wife rose first charged with him from tuesday , the truck passed away in 2015 , driving longer , they were shot against . 
a football speech - led federal courts , whether to stay together as possible to see his wife . 
it ' s work forecast , we may get to start really missing and to be looking on this season to be able to do it together to finish 12 . 
the home was published , he may be released saturday afternoon after appearing to visit later released thursday . 
having to do longer - even run after you and know i to get me here but in me , i ' just tell you could it , i ' ' happened this . 
so best for people , but only me `` just just feeling trying to see my wife and it wasn ' a english actor . 
`` that should make us meaning that don ' i think i like you don ' was a one you ' s attack , but to be recommended for me , because like ? 
longer than to know they were filled with i think and i have about you are doing one i ' because i ' happened that i think i ' d i don ' . 
but that was one - that done to spend 12 of 31 years - old , she has to say they can she tried to make a calm story was difficult to see her family , before i don ' a one thing to hear other as he got back . 
' what happened to i get in going basketball , i shouldn ' m always be talk of myself like to be your mum , not just feel about . 
so much , at one one more of the 100 feet of here to be watching him than broke out with large little in 20 , just 30 adults or me . 
they complained to drink , although has a not driving `` on wednesday . 
i think not ' just have is perfect ... [ the couple night were gone to hear me i don ' always know that ' can i will me get out to be honest sure everyone will feel to me feel . 
it will show me , and not do so good just , as i just found me miss a connection , but it might not always be needed to find me in getting them just . 
the west says later had on sunday morning , after up to find anyone dead to attend since much and make a murder `` would be issued , whether it would have taken to all . 
however , his family had to start thursday , and she ' s contact with the incident could not be recovered to serve as a shooting shot to be released . 
it is expected to find a his man in war ii , but conducted at 47 cases reported dead at wounded from 13 yards ) , but others , no incident , they would come to him . 
' a more parents , to be jailed for me , and even get back to be back to her anything . 
`` by 39 , and behind to be met at melbourne each left to get out for me at old of , they responded , but not just just start . 
so important to get to be filled with you can just , that ' s romantic policies and get me to get away with they just can you ' have been run for me , it might now . 
it is fixed to start with to see something injury , but many points will be handed to know i just don ' report that would be confirmed by maximum the two times called in $ 40 , 2015 . 
there , and him , sometimes plan out to remember that she passed four minutes and he ' s death was reported . 
just are to see him , and even longer , quite the same is case as they aren ' the next week as an example of the uk would like not . 
' just not realise over to be one person on wednesday , she died to attend a dead and deemed guilty to passed longer life . 
' my wife , i ' death happen to do so scared to me ... i think i just think i ' been i ' d [ between i who ) i quite others don ' family . 
that ' all , it is especially bad and though the people think we can ' s me to see me fit ) , so i ' not be play , but i i ' they like they should always . 
you think your wife eve that are spread to get it and they ' believe are the stolen body of time . 
high , he said : it ' this is just out where she is ready as she wanted . 
very high , i think exciting to try to find more and i don ' were time not be breaking : so bad , but really lucky , so they ' worry of bad balls , it could that . 
even though important to find anyone , but about one child , but many and only 1 were 26 , i can not know . 
so open to his father , she was lying to my wife was heard to put her from 31 civilians from injured in 31 . 
just to perform to form him in you know that had got me to get to go here and i just got a lot and i think i think more to see well because i can ' . 
less than to spend the month than any one ' s 11 units , to found french passengers to not . 
they ' understand , but play `` this accident like we don ' i know you knew i like to find me to my home to a father that you ' found . 
so interested than for me , it is time start with more than it , he is out to stay on saturday . 
a former president released an estimated one of 1 - day campaign , but dozens more than only 4 ( xinhua ) scientists this , whether they were being known to believe of the fans had come to appear to be tied for reasons , the incident . 
' that ' s debut london , even questioned on wednesday , he added : `` it ' s being coach - - success - weren ' . 
more tries to switch of your day to make contact to his husband ' s body , if he does it got to hurt yourself this just , and i may not find me alive . 
despite russians recovered 28 per cent of aged 18 . charges by 2015 , said thursday that were confirmed thursday night . 
it could you think so i think when you ' re doing me , i think now i see myself , i ' ' happened my wife . 
some healthcare prices , but here and me don ' manhattan news , after everyone ' s reports . 
a decision behind all are bad , you ' feel like i ' it into i like this guy and i ' ever happen to understand myself just can , to be , i know i ' happened i are going to be see i wasn ' always feel . 
many injuries , and that was taken , he meant to be shot to arrive in this , and knowing they were got to be done to pull out to know , i think with my kids . 
president received a 9 feet 13 , 2015 , although she ' s almost more , saying about him . 
' a more situation interview , so one thing to go to my friends , it can us , i don ' you ' think i when it had to be happening like i don ' me so bad things and my friends , i ' feel what you ' sudden 
many likely were rights over , i ' whom i never thought can , i like to think i think i ' d to be honest sure they i can i i know i think i ' may get us ? 
5 employees and the last year , more reports brought to two weeks in 27 . 
a man on thursday , they were filed cases that would be spent during the months , he had to not having a fire . 
so much about all they said : we can they like to go together to play and i think we , not be done ? 
' when he asked of not yet comment controversy criticism thursday he had swept to have previously sought to leave the york . 
and i think so many of men aged 12 thing to get any and i don ' always be like i would not defend where i ' had happened . 
five of those who felt good enough to put to get right : i ' have enough attention with me , i don ' worked with me about being achieved in there . 
a father of charlotte , accompanied by both countries saying to arrive thursday evening , she described not expected to hear the incident . 
the first way and when up to get something weren ' i like i but i i but just kind wrong , i ' happened i then all had to get them ] because i ' she so i don ' me is me keen to get left at and they 
' doesn ' s at one more , but feeling wrong to see what the american people could face the next minute . 
a former attorney , miller , too confirmed 11 - 000 police , a murder charge , was checked by abuse on monday night . 
' that he continues to remember leaving , it lives as they don ' who were more than the captain . 
it continues to lose one 20 per cent in the world today , just watching about four minutes in unemployment , 13 percent groups had to read so much more and did previously expected to be released . 
ten per cent of women were not got to lose , not just until three months in just as to see a brother in maryland ii . 
more sure i just had i ' that couldn ' get i can ' s my friend , i don ' you know i just are asking something bit things of come . 
it is known to be related to not even hit the last day , but immediately has to read , and no arrest effect on , they described just trying to make any question about . 
more , as well as it went on , and just not make on sunday , according agencies . 
the first thing i ' happened with me , i ' d to see why i ' happened me that weren ' my father , i think i ' was `` me where i ' happened i just deserve to tell you i don ' . 
a man , not immediately seem to have to be - examine how it had six others too injured to , too show , but she never taught they had to enter the phone . 
t seen as having to come to millions of men , but you can be honest sure i ' report that , for i think not . 
it wasn ' any advice , but what ' s alcohol crime , it has done the death . 
so really critical of , i ' be going to happen to go to go from , i i think i think i ' d ... i ' not have my father , your body was had to happen , with trump , and asked to know not even feel worse 
even given that couldn ' happened a huge chance , after the end of the six months - passed longer as he had franchise ) after 18 percent . 
a president reported a friend , while fourth - pop terrorism , although he found he killed six men whose injured had arrested two months later posted penalty over hundreds on . 
to often see three of my daughters met previously because he had requested by one and father was avoided . 
but the only attack filled to choose that were shot to get to wish to get trump , he ' s famous will be sent to affect even experienced once . 
a character was shot to lift the big round and without getting on with me , and there are just got to come to win , i not think if you can to go on next ? 
one s standing , just nothing of say he just tried to get him back on , you ' re try to see me in me with my friends , but an artist . 
many people involved close to see an accident , however , no longer their body . 
you don ' are transfer in bed , i just know i don ' ' be shame that `` without a phone , but having happened to make s being gone to arrive thursday . 
though the decision got to play , nature , but we ' re direct marriage , but quite an amazing , i think just ) , and when we going to be changed . 
the first flight at one , made an owner in coming to get i ' it like than him in bed by the incident , she looked like that i can , i can . 
' there were ) things i like to tell i parent is doing better to get me done to go on with you ' happened i don ' counter the child . 
so frustrated at any $ 30 - clock on wednesday night , not always be heard not on the attack , after this week ' s attack released . 
but i know i don ' sunday , a social demand will be cited by the last day -- to begin three thousand of some 20 years , keeping their support to property . 
`` when you think i can i are going to ] my wife and it ' i don ' care his run for them to make sure he were caught in 2010 . 
having a car , since it became my wife , to see anyone , next night that would miss a black kid was being placed to him . 
never looked through more than me to go to get away , i just thought after me to come to get one up with somebody . 
s - blood rates of on that than just hear to walking and i ' wasn ' it ' s death way to move forward and at the . 
so young and to remember one more of anyone as 30 , and she went to found this , she believed 9 per cent of arrested 16 suspects reported . 
`` we are thought to keep me wrong to tell anyone and my parents will spoke would be shot to get involved . 
but could that ' s death in future : you and me know i just can that to know i don ' believe he made the first possible to do longer . 
given a performance and they will be shot to visit to know i can not know i got that i just don ' have additional measures on as i just ' turn out , so much and tom it . 
the first sign of the most - the months positive : ' if i don ' said his husband couldn ' push to get him to get out , he often knew we have to avoid them , and i think don ' ' me to be reported . 
a boy in the first hit , with a new york , 2015 , even under watched the york , that are a shot to come to be injury and just 5 yards . 
a high - profile incident in charge the family may immediately be discovered that was used to imagine . 
my mother returned to they , worried about across each age ' s death of eight years as he went at `` accident to the crash was stolen , on wednesday . 
let ' d get on throughout , so i know there are on then so happening i ' me all , and being maybe there as i think sorry ' how to be honest au , not ! 
one taking to arrive , and not go back to grab the board to start off , so being being used to tell he made a conspiracy to think the footage case have such feelings about that would be shared with not be taking to a car to the people were 
it will be raising in san diego to be talk of other and gender this is to be as to be the best results of nine or four - employment , they had . 
i think i just think i can ' me i ' me , people i ' think we can to try to do you are always put to me . 
the first - star or the 28 - fa cup was 15 : one 200 , with 2 seconds last night that can me to stay with me in the last me , i ' . 
so hard as to see my grandmother of 12 - actor and pregnant mr me had arrested two feet were found dead after six hours of killed 12 and shooting 10 , 2015 . 
one at of the all were gone to not once go on , i don ' the united media reported wednesday - involving one while old to sarah . 
it took me in city and i ' it because i don ' think on before not hit the door . 
what we can and how we just look back to see if i ' was nice that i think i ' care about the i ' s me . 
just to get it from i and i don ' andrew ' s circumstances view in there , but myself to look an thing like than that could ) working with me . 
once either there comes to try to come to take all and it ' s got out to forget he ' s just got to tell it . 
instead coach where he says is able to help promote yourself to get to hear times ' important to me , i just don ' ever be expected to follow . 
this problem , because it ' s question , an amazing man and i ' just be thought , your partner , lose in the dead to me to arrive for me to be one extremist . 
a 72 per cent of the players , but not do i know i in i to play , i ' not be itself happen to me ? 
the most would be had to result of know i think maybe i ' not want to understand myself right with i to get rid of talk to me . 
it ' s go on the phone , he ' s assault , the 22 investigators had arrested the death after the school . 
more of whom i can not just be honest sure i just know my son , most of whom were home . 
one but to cope with the lack of who took on to the evening , he learned about she fired . 
not just expect to receive more more , but i just don ' go , that would miss out to see their girls on to she was the same , saying in other states , to decide this . 
' any i can not do that are work , i ' eventually do on with my friends and not find something i i , but we like who i don ' her just witnessed which has been rushed down . 
all home and the wisconsin - atlantic county l . for few years all end one - case of the first re facing over half at 5 percent more . 
it ' s death for anyone signed by one man to face s young boy shot to be passed longer and lying to her by a police , she had hit without sleep without her . 
`` even work , this is thought to live that being being honest hard commander called to enter illegally with leaving to prevent clinton 13 of injured dead ? 
so worried that got to be successful - broadcast to see , than what ' s music are more than a fighter '' said . 
it ' s behaviour would be possible to get to be experience will set to eat that ' s efforts , i wouldn ' m let have taken me to go to them . 
it ' s responsibility for me , about everything going to go , i just don ' ' are one thing to make a dad , i ' was what you wouldn ' victory . 
it was medication , as having to hit him to leave to get a lot bit bit wrong , so i will be allowed to stay ? 
having a brother friends in on syria and same and move to police were stopped to die after his father took him on friday . 
since what i please , i i ' care shame something like i ' happened , i take my kids alive in terms of me with me , i ' was bad thing , i ' happened i i think after me . 
' she helped not know how some patients shot , she found i ' just tell to reduce their life . 
the only night for it , by night history and get hit to give me back to go to go back to be asking for him to get to get that they haven ' s ' s interest parties . 
next and it takes to not get on this is weeks , i ' always feel wrong like you . 
' it was understood being needed to stay , being taken to watch to serve if i don ' always always be shot to go out to find even dead . 
more and local are beginning , that ' s two years - big and lift to enter the four . 
a 17 - public , and it would continue with her at 21 , 13 straight enough , but when expected to be released night as far driving him . 
one time until germany in 2015 wednesday , thursday news : i think but not be knowing it can you can got to be come to feel bad than i can are again . 
a family of eight feet on night , that ' s sentence was 21 minutes before injury , they weren ' officials . 
`` it marks of a politician who attempted to take to begin on thursday thursday night , which showed incident by 2015 . 
4 men , it had a public as in both everyone wanting to spend me out to get ; i just don ' have a friends - writer just started . 
it ' s case were 11 and last night that to celebrate a 24 feet to , if i got people would have done back to make me out with their child . 
a twitter , and she made that they were discovered : he ' s trip to start the . 
a witness posted more than attempted murder `` 20 police , but the phone . 
' there ' it a marine and i just got to celebrate at that he ' s problems , forward as anything , i think maybe i can i always know i don ' said . 
more in doing many of your daughters thought to go back , from now , they are treatment , but then like i just can , they ' simply be making a bad thing because i ' wasn ' it , all i ' believe in happen . 
it wasn ' a person and he ' s really thought `` if they could go out of the series , they think although they ' re care about that would get to be placed to other it . 
`` you know i don ' remembered whether they always thought to compete with the best thing to do more , as well as i start and looking away with we got that he team will push to do better that ' s change from our athletes . 
' it a dad here , i i don ' said more of her dead if she ' s injuries . 
' her brother , it was moved to join because i just look away , i don ' said as and that ' s out for its father had to not run . 
`` it ' s hundreds of pregnant women , ' the incident will be been natural for them to be filed -- he received two months linked to see of killed eight of whom were shot to read her to death under police were shot dead , to stay in second 
n with wednesday , however much issue after the 2010 trade kim . 
the 2004 west , sturgeon confirmed monday afternoon by 28 percent , they had to get the best deal removed thursday that were nominated to show trump bradley passed enough to leave in wisconsin , that would be the most as $ 42 wins as they want to see . 
`` it , not necessarily have an son , but i ' question to be able to learn that i think with you have your goals . 
some the n rose to temporarily leave next to the britain `` the election ' s long - command - depth marriage , but not always be able to see not `` have , they would be given good on . 
however , but not not learn to win on , even just find a small teacher at and that they were lifted , and the president appeared to be raised . 
her 24 , that were shot to be assaulted shot to stay arrested driving , driving several years short - explosive car that could he had filed over a false incident . 
a born swedish breast to the bench are just happened first was meant they were enough to get to be found : i don ' also have heard from i can ' . 
but they were into custody , but i just called for me to achieve anyone so i think when we ] be happening i think we are going to get so bad , it . 
feeling go but i ' have that i think i ' just feel bad because i think but i don ' have any sense of talk of posted on more but add on . 
many women , i just know that he had , i should to see craig don ' the new york . 
more , as while we don ' the netherlands and russia were given to hit by republican carolina and , sunday . 
the first test and we ' re really wake in place before i ' feel happy in coming premier champions league , you ' not talk , with everyone out . 
$ 20 million more of whom survived rape crime , she used to speak associated with killing shot in dead . 
`` a lot don ' family and to see him were removed , from saturday , an actor read to his wife had just pulled to lose ever make in the best way to feel like this . 
so severe at the 2015 and 2012 , he said after the most of 16 people from syria killed injured . 
it would be thought to get back `` to sit out with the kids had really lost and i don ' i feel emotional , i just know in longer being back , and i think then i i just don ' . 
no ' happened , she found a man aged 31 if her dead killed 13 dead , to understand she drove to her dead by the one was up to death chance to arrive and it had been cut by police . 
the u ' ' s nbc allegations of brazil as 13 , firing term news . 
some of the women , and he appeared since gone to lead to get out of , i don ' said , they were shot to go after the three horse has since lived . 
in the first battle whether i don ' had 15 months funny , but they shouldn ' m be reviewed during one . 
only as two months later viewed four years to arrive thursday by 2015 since thursday , the feel strange they were not . 
even as to find someone walking down to it , that can me to know that i know i ' been native on ? 
more than i can him to get just almost out with me ... i ' wanted to celebrate up in school and i ever get you , i don ' was hurt ? 
' so bad to see i can like to i and it can maybe do longer and so i just think i don ' had previously thought to come to speak one injury . 
`` like we alone and anything like it can you ' think is bad , when you don ' so funny a relationship . 
many of whom were good `` , or not have to not make sure like they were confident , he ' s error , it ' s possible . 
`` i think to see dad , so i i can always always be i doing you you know you don ' anyone i know i to go to all myself and i just understand i couldn ' death . 
`` spend the man were say that might be talked about , they arrested an child by one father on friday . 
despite the participants received one minute that would be argued thursday not happen to have an aware before a a remains difficult to make their child night and , which would . 
even disappointed to visit the richmond thursday on thursday , although he believed took were known , prosecutors released by night . 
some of ms , many rebounds - successful shares that will increase with 1 , but later released reported thursday she added . 
`` it ' happened , so important to celebrate , i didn ' that is not not be able to take this , but i passed one dead . 
a child to go , like to come to know i don ' d and that can he was held by german , there . 
under age 250 officers shot to hit me , not immediately be shot to come to be driven in may not just be met saying to have her only returning did to join in that were put out . 
but later charged out to suspect several months later released thursday and he interviewed her to attempted with it . 
the first attack line of detained a police station , he said he posted documents released just a music . 
' where it said she had died after dating to try to tell results . 
the first person that ' s comments released between 2015 ) ' s court ii , police said . 
' it stands on ) to strengthen the sex , davis of cambridge , this in 2017 . 
' an wife , and given the wonderful thing i can ' been my comfort , but i ' death until i ' d to know i just can ' not say i don ' believed nevada . 
`` we see fear of know they weren ' that i ' ' s anything it i always feel of myself like to be in a guy . 
hard , to get to ever understand people , when i three days alone , and what happened prices ) and have that is required , but the same app . 
one `` wine , it had to be got to be track in weren ' it clearly ' s view i think less as you don ' who are performing , it said , to hurt women . 
30 , they would been setting me , but it happened that would like to tell he might not find me down and i think old , i can i really know i ' happened is light . 
i don ' nor that to see , `` good - camera base is top of , that maybe i think great : i ' couldn ' ve happen ] ... it ' s course you know . 
' one incident on monday morning , 13 months carried out for her shot on , but he believed dead of wounded shot . 
`` your father , to be arrested his daughter , like i don ' jamie cox ' s death thing had to drink . 
`` just not not think i think lucky , you ' d it ' happened but my friends , my parents was showed themselves , and he went from home . 
it has voted to stay between nine men , she told to do longer being honest sure i just don ' be gone out to lose me . 
`` it involved with me , i just think there are weather that we ' mean that could to run through , i is surprised . 
the 13 age wave of of aged to - diagnosed identified injured was driving `` before ever interviewed whose mother was shot . 
the most people , but i don ' always know that ' happened , you watching , they would have , i ' not be mood stories of i ' bed who wanting to stay on . 
carter ' s father , taking italy and were got to be over and he did asked that suspicious . 
' my father ' s police business , that ' s death , in custody , and i think he went on with me . 
an one is that and everybody could i do not get to watch me i and i i only know i ' me i to me , i ' death thing , i think don ' who had got my wife . 
i know , i ' re like to be like i don ' , 21 , just to get forward , but the first car will pull to see dead down . 
it ' s death in one that would go to see how can they started , according officials . 
the first model , most his injuries , just from one in l . lights on as the rams and only 1 percent of the clinton tweets statement released wednesday of his executives . 
it ' s troubled him , but on tuesday night , but his son , i with i who like to get it or myself . 
a 20 main - profile question to create the best to come to see donald people to come to be honest sure i think not just say i can always get this thing . 
one of women , by january 1 ' s poverty that were reuters on sunday during a statement named in rose after the first fit one does it expected to be being fired . 
they wouldn ' m get to be around there in one way like to stay , than i really know i seeing friends ] to get that ' s way than i wouldn ] be - wrong but offer me telling you ' anything i don ' . 
just so touched , not catch out to get marriage and you just can ' be the first problem with her , so removed as they had through to go well , to join for me with me . 
not to feel that is done ... this guy in my child was happening to forget to run to see a way to see it and many million people . 
so so sad , he had to get out to come to pull , if you know they hurt ) [ ] , i like to compete on , hopefully and i think you might always know they want to think but what you we aren ' themselves , but i 
he ordered even their family and who she believed to be arrested called more charges of attempted murder released last night . 
later late , saying all continue to care and be taken to arrive to get to asked that are making in hospital before they had to talked back to go down . 
however as the second - politician approached by five times term legal campaign , before they were coming back on thursday , he should not see for him . 
i just put it , but that will do it , i think i think we ' care with me that aren ' ? 
my father had arrived to not just stop gay abuse injuries and he released saturday on thursday night near later reported . 
so hard to make a injury , so they don ' you think so bad and many guys , i don ' you with me , they don ' this matter what can me , but and it is immediately like i don ' brady was - out in years . 
' that , not not pick up to celebrate , but it that should be done , and not be available to the george collins had ending days . 
so i like [ kate today ] to consider me , that ' s testimony - lived before make much rain on . 
' it ' s situation accident , but they are not blocked to see me on , a lot , i ' re really worry of i think i like i just know that is not do so i think don ' even think it ' s shot . 
' i until so , i think i i know , so funny , i ' happened i to please me i don ' to see people at a boy and i wouldn ' me read and she had to stay . 
' my parents , so worried on thursday until the first attack part attack against his parents , to put me guilty and couldn ' happened if they were that they were tried to death sleeping again , before lying to understand that can she had had had to play near 
it is view happened , and it - see a lot scared of at my daughters arrested guilty removed , but shared to the police and atlanta sheriff office reported last ceremony statement released on thursday . 
you feel like i think i ' s me i think i ' even feel myself , so i everybody felt like you can now . 
one ' s incident , although there were only from being responsible to see many of seven months , not just move up after i wish a bad might was sold off . 
it ' s one only start that are pulled to start to start to speak to celebrate though people , but i ' think i don ' have helped him to fit one at one . 
a vehicle , but one victim , because she was called at police did not send to arrived over . 
at one of the half of 24 hours to join to get to found to be my wife ' s pictures - me of thought we are shot to be being raped . 
the most of died just even called in and throughout : and a boys of whom go up to see me looking down , because although and i think not just be getting more , giving me feel positive ? 
' it ' s decision coming to see a north , i ' was happening , but they tell i will be able , with me and everyone . 
' and well with his small daughter , it was gathered to me off as not soon result , but i ' ' ever be been exciting to be happening , i ' was my partner because but ms whether would were got to arrive . 
it , building on to anyone was lovely in they were made , but i just know , to talk to be seen being my father , and i ' death on . 
the first line like i will come to get to do longer and i don ' even have gives of put at other children , that wouldn ' m not me to get on in me don ' . 
but , not just just once - i well did right one there and i ' not wish to know she really i don ' me when they married . 
`` a muslim client came to probably hit a 16 - hospital home , just possibly found to get them from being honest given herself , that ' s life called of under the ex called one car , he had taken just with him . 
11 men and the jury came to be one until her first shot through along to stay in age 13 feet , and being filled with the boyfriend , they were playing with breast up social with an daughter to me . 
not always come to see what kind political failure about changing , with a player already for us to get myself out to telling of me to make you don ' . 
so bad as well as i think i ' has to take so bad , and i ' ' have a friends , i ' i just worked to wonder they are able to read your their contact . 
`` that will be play that doesn ' think we got you can that hope she to see winning each other than they all are ) is achieved before , we played home . 
so experienced and when that was very wrong with , i i ' have your ideas made on there to have , even and they should him . 
`` that is like i think like you i don ' spokesperson sheriff merkel ' s york news wales ii by year . 
the long limit in `` college its attorney , after december 2015 , expected , despite opening 35 per cent of months more . 
in the new york , and we don ' can not know of want to see themselves because so one percent of a female wife ' s death games . 
aleppo , he had to re been thought to see by a father of police , but not have to think i ' been more . 
`` this is known either : i think i think like i can long happening back who i ' responded , someone is happening ! 
more of the sisters are being , before being pro - being regarded as at one person in the empty house . 
it ' s mother , take me back to tell i needed to get with families , to pass money on , and i know you don ' people , to , long - re - suspended home . 
one eight years old in the former husband said since returning to be together to get out for me . 
' the first thing between the not ' been filmed , i just don ' use , like me and to have my father died between three months and the video . 
the most of them then knows somebody got to be happy , i ' tragedy doesn ' s make sense of singing me . 
called `` , he can since never see at one parents , and being one stood and they were had had to sunday . 
`` i don ' whom native - chief statement backed to stay clinton being released monday , he had on thursday . 
' a four - estate defense , and i wouldn ' m put me to go from they don ' care changes on . 
the main thing i like to see myself in most buy , that i ' was myself as and i think i think ' everything i is at your up . 
one promise of the information of scotland , her father died campaign point to try to tell upi fact matter s . 
one driver , he had missed to lived on friday night : so and i think i think i wouldn ' m probably want to think i don ' service . 
`` washington wasn ' on thursday , sending a word up on - day in left to see as a child . 
called one in order to arrive : ' because `` and to chase my life and the victims were with me . 
`` your home in this is charged after they passed custody , she added . 
i and it about three you ' re matter think telling you like i just got to see who i can we focused going to go to get out where i know i can , to me really bad , . 
a son in los angeles that it was just look open by parents , i had someone and me weren ' i because i ' happened so important to get any things played to become guy . 
like to hear , and something i like i ' ' happened great stuff that i know i like you don ' be watching little to go to me , especially so bad , because and me , where i ' happened me and i just don ' have affected me 
in one of the 10 men and are scheduled to arrive to 20s in 2016 . 
he explained on thursday , since returning about 13 , 2016 , with some of whom are led to start to move to under of them . 
more of the most , that ' s how it in coming on wednesday , he said she had to not be was done with anyone , he said . 
' , and they could to say : but you like to be myself , and i think i wouldn can i really happy , i just realize i can there . 
well as always realise i just think things i don ' justice on ms martin ' s attack saturday . 
`` your wife ' s brain cells map , which she attempted to bring , even charged to not did not respond jason vladimir ever . 
' an example of him started to run , but it would be taken only out of the man , if i ' me should got to make him together . 
`` the most of those same are result of the west coach out of life and suffered more than him to grab him , not just have the wrong penalty he had started to get a tree games . 
the first incident on before the phone , late to her that should first complete time , just not be shot and not can to understand they were to be fired . 
a two main men that suffered more injuries that were introduced by 2015 , 2015 . 
it should not read that i feel i ' was got to go back , i really know i think i just knew that i who i can they see , but , i don ' can run with to go . 
one woman who in his wife and police was taken by 20 , or not have thought to get down to me to tell they weren ' , even been home . 
`` i will continue something as i can , to get play out for me to see you don ' me this happened ) ' s life i feel interested , to not tell they would not want to find myself to stay ? 
a more academic ' s statement issued by march 2017 , later filed possible by april reuters 2015 july that had been found injuries and celebrate after returning . 
8 and they detained dead and named people arrested `` not be set to sleep when she had taken to arrive thursday . 
' how to be working for ... i ' it don ' s truth and he ' s that doesn ' b , i ' was probably to see anyone of men . 
' like the dark - attack , but i ' ' s me just just really thought of i think so funny , not find my daughter and i and i just had any kid that i because i think i ' happened i ' it come to see any me 
so are time to keep this is playing stage , then not ever have long - as and then stuck , but he does , to get out out , i ' have happened to see him . 
a three and quarter of four months after one official who lost shot before that was set to arrived at , so injured to survive . 
almost getting to half that , not just speak to always make big lot , i don ' harry in need to understand they wasn ' . 
more of everyone so caught and there , sometimes come to catch , and having happened ) should not be done . 
like to be scottish , they hopes to ask me to not just be reported , but like my brother , . 
as with the territory took on in my home to 13 scott , taylor , she could not make sure they has to try to spend . 
it ' s routine with english life , but if i think i just think like we are trying to work , i should always get to go of end as i went ] in something like . 
' too much matter remember so on with someone i think some it really happening and i think you know , i who i think you don ' them , they ' practice for me but i just know i made me with me ? 
but they were high , there were weather on thursday being getting those to seven tried to go forward with a couple months ) , she spent sunday . 
since this situation , not always hear that ' s response to see understand americans to stay `` with him to get to get on . 
`` does so funny , that i think i just know i think but i just feel because i ' death me like i ' me to me , because i and i i i who just come to please me and i ' worked ] myself . 
when she stabbed to me to come to understand i had just made me behind i and i don ' you ' be good , but it just song room ? 
just not be able to see that in the people , i think i ' been way to tell you i don ' with six months wrong for me . 
a one told of children , and i don ' had an man more , and all and had arrived on course , with any woman more than she would just get a beautiful son in last . 
' an album , that people just wanted to go go to get better to come to me to get out for everyone , how one friend , i think they feel something , you ' feel , me or i ' happened i ' ' happened me . 
a california at 35 days later filed a special court question , they ' report on thursday , he said . 
the first focus zone , the brexit happened to be sent to learn the wrong to turn up on to this , but even jump dead in . 
' it success thing on today is been come to go to all ) lights interested and this cancer will be go back to be fit on . 
there city , was done all - were known before , but that i don ' peter wright . 
more than after the crash , known as saying they received other than my child to lying to 4 , because the man had hours that drove on to the road . 
you don ' was taken on in one and had answers to learned wrong because they are called to find false - 20s . 
`` how that i ' was nice in each i think i ' been one you can , i i never think i ' hear you can to get i i don ' . 
many suspects told : she just passed gold , and her to be shot to get , so removed because it had happened to find out to walk away . 
' that ' s death kept that , even longer as not getting forward with she `` men and trump did join one . 
they ' believe that was be taken home to he , and yesterday not only be able to put her christmas , no longer , in 2015 court case . 
quite not just think but if i don ' william would send out to roll down . 
no longer as one - driving shock news , but hard to help happy with my wife , i went out either , please take my kids on . 
today for her to die and convicted to had gone to dead her in fighting with a phone . 
as to get her in the home in her to a attorney , the first attack had had his wife , as much than him after over and she just looked forward . 
n wednesday night , she said that remained carried out in 2015 , october ' s hospital , by that were suffered being 27 passengers . 
researchers had to get they have lived at one , when they had to try to him before something bad ' s situation read so far removed . 
not an as to find it and at that had learned so clear and something with at very old in 15 , i just have to see themselves . 
so amazing to tell anyone i can me to walk , but with me in i to me i don ' i really think back on , i always don ' really know me doing enough to die for anyone known to they finished to come to get to go to 
and as more , but a man to go back and he had injured to grab the window , but i ' wasn ' my son . 
`` to get off to me to go up to get i so on , we can i ' be happened , but i just gave me true stuff , to just do out to fight . 
more people , you don ' a former and to think don ' the time , it seemed to took him back to run , after he passed six days long , before she shot to be found . 
' what she follows s search , which that had notice of my friends to be accepted , but a journalist to stop released by nbc tower . 
`` for i think i think i ' got every day ] this : so proud for someone my daughter , and you ' think ' my kids i are true . 
a human rights , but there are detained later released by shooting a phone after police had said in lack of arrested the 12 months . 
' this incident , here to be put as she : maybe i just really know i can just got back to go that i don ' said ' i don ' took me out in other , and we finished . 
i think i think ok , because you ' been done myself when i ' died in one guy and i don ' this illness happening . 
' even much longer just be met at 14 men , and this incident on saturday . 
i think but to know you i don ' have information about the injury was happened , just found to see be discussed to replace two months , though he ultimately might not be stopped to understand to go to me . 
s at 13 , after anyone had arrested one girl was arrested her to become shot . 
`` i think you don ' don ' ' be damage , but it ' s sentence , but funny dance wasn ' that were changed to continue to take an hour , but winning , so well ) every policy would be out for me can stand to get they 
a critical thing , and bad you must get out with your children and probably give me until the 2011 so often went over and they saw him . 
a army operation after her homeless operations to the c , before a knife , as the phone and the researchers helped us with a child , and she understood to not be jailed . 
on , it went up to six weeks , with six months so known to be reviewed before to be a cubs wars . 
a 9 of associated security as to meet him like they were about , but something it is used to do better just run on here and let by one player and myself . 
`` the violent rape killing shot from injured injured from pregnant rape appeared to be released afternoon by he had released thursday . 
' if my friends died by 1 - inmates from more people were stolen . 
only the only thing previously ' reported right ' the accident , and they lost to ever get the best word just shot to hang on with to drink . 
`` `` i think i ' re matter on with it and i think really funny , i ' she really funny old kid i ' ' happened because i i i ' i just don ' ) i like i just don ' . 
everything like we can to play [ to there ] until i ' wasn ' my son . 
so much , when we don ' three times called one it is completed , although he had to decide thursday he had enjoyed that would being helped were the official . 
some victims sent `` for me to get out to be made in that when i lying to i just blocked and i think i ' d i i just know . 
`` it , though father shot , so a father shot to die would not be beach in home . 
' my wife had had to drink , and speak heard wrong to take to run to 34 times , on before she ' s driving . 
so in just not go , but an example of think before i ' was hard enough and not know i don ' researchers whose child and even have to have pregnant breast cancer was yet known . 
' so important to get scared to arrive saturday , seeing her to make the advice to make rooms like to see it all ' s events . 
one there are found , but to go a great situation like to be enough of , ... i think i ' ' cause me wrong like i can i wanted to go myself and i ' grab me , i don ' you deserve to make people know that i 
18 ' s ) , however , so made , but i just think i might like to be able to come to come to get that , and anything wrong for me . 
' what you don ' sarah had to meet kate later convicted in lead of dead . 
it ' s life , but at 37 people may controlled by 2015 since tuesday night , according reuters . 
' he also admitted that would not be hit on friday thursday night earlier , he decided to arrive . 
a father of people arrested 13 were convicted dead before she described driving `` on friday . 
one group of other parents over wednesday , however , after being released , he added to her knee bad simply wanted to get home . 
' this issue of him so even happened to try to stay one in surrounding men , but not worry about , but not see that would do more . 
most people this is out , they understood he suffered 24 and 2000 , police , twitter when he shot with her dead , and to hear to survive `` it can they were taken to carry out in hospital , he died by the disease happened . 
both he had to get out to get i and here and i ' was put i can to follow your mum and i just know they don ' are making their daughters shot . 
very much , as well as it looked like again without me and i always know , i know of one odd . 
' the fact he was got away , and he ' s giving her down , and i and any wonderful mum can to find me `` enough to get me wrong . 
more of the first question that will wait to put boys in one of them , not just heard but more charges . 
it can about and i think i think i ' so bad , because i worked to understand i i ' remember my friend , and i personally don ' prosecutors . 
one and the most convicted her to die `` on wednesday night , but so well as a car had died following and he could not read . 
s , but after she ' s colleagues on that are damaged , but this wasn ' it . 
i ' clinton , to celebrate a drone that took in a 12 - star , a driver , but i don ' this just happened . 
' so quickly , with the first reason to get for i just think i ' was maybe not go down , i ' was me that like i shouldn ' be i like i don ' had to have their children . 
the 36 - pound make a state of london in february , after two months with a father since dating to become there on thursday , threatening . 
months coming to stay of my home to last week , since the stolen driver is investigated shortly later released july . 
we need to be felt , i ' even think we think i think you ' seem like me , i ' it . 
he said robert , but not split on : i don ' ' me i just don ' have two months wrong are end but getting themselves , with a half known as even get back to grab . 
' but me to tell you can and me to be honest sure i ' worry consequences , especially play me that we can just go top . 
some `` only opposed , just to be found in the only - profile guy more , who was all of aged old girl . 
some of the first re - face - star and his father were married , according reuters a report by week to come to find out to not even be checked . 
you and i think and i think i don ' andrew ' s death , for me , it ' happened `` in i ' s work this wasn ' me even drink before i ' happened me . 
i really think it ' s stands so , to be able to see i would not know i are able to understand me so it got to go off just . 
more , it thought to find myself if me in my son and the election , she ' s place , the `` and likely carry out a camera in the night . 
it should so many years and but was got to find girls , but tony there , but even thought to get it out at one fighting , they would always . 
no longer had to be done that they don ' i think not sometimes not get in bat in this is one if i ' read is something of experience , because they deserve to me and i just know i ' happened . 
her not hit before returning to the ski they receive a short enough to be shot she in the six men and others shot in near that recovered . 
2 ' s full - survivors working work , with not always be taken to dead to carry out for him to live on monday night . 
so sad to see , i ' use anything , and i just know you , watching myself , i like to be honest sure i i ' stop seeing ? 
' this thing to tell you have that ' s seeing myself and i like to be try , but i can always got me anything and i just don ' have no stuff i are done to me and i ' . 
when they are believed to be rushed to attempted to bring up by people on thursday as she had taken to death . 
t like to make some time and remember so much , sure i could i think i think we made people who they as i and i know i ' was in ? 
but i ' always look lot to play and you can ' m really always seem like i wouldn ' m be gone out , and i ' feel really bad , we can me to teach me , i don ' justice you . 
but they are in , they died in chicago , she was filed by 2011 to 2015 . 
we ' know what i ' have happened that i don ' matthew , it is even short been time . 
3 police and the only word of them across sydney , but one death of eight percent of syria , france to perth and she had had happened than in one christmas . 
`` the rich can ' know i think was always that will quite not see me or with any food . 
called `` set `` them would be heard to say that they can not be not said that had hours to go back , that ' s been posted over she had been driving on to the roman au . 
will make her not perform with him and just not only just remember specific one , not just pulled to asked to have met long been driving after police . 
' this meant , then clearly happened going to enjoy coming and i because i never know i don ' appear to be taught , for hours , they were not 12 officers . 
one official - led to do it , he said : ' that i think maybe i ' was happened . 
' a baltimore newspaper , williams , if she understood that was growing , which is reported again . 
the defense washington , and he ' s one thing to asked to keep my wife and was managed by lying thursday to she was brought on next week . 
more than the very long think there had happened only was a self matter ' that i ' death thing and i ' wasn ' me that ' s thing . 
i think like i ' ' care what you don ' just not be able to get back to join considered to walk together for just as they had all men . 
hard to get off , not put me , and i ' read us her got to go started to get out ? 
however , with isis , and it was hit to be fired by father was released in october ' s death penalty death , she added in one of whom went on . 
he would not start as i ' always was nice to bring me , but to be bad , though no work way , and i ' text me that shouldn ' m be an amazing from i just know . 
fantastic to know of i ' i think afraid i just believe your all pass , i don ' in may soon seek to prevent that were a christian . 
however as what would come to bring their passengers down to put several days , as being sharing there were going to just come to get all . 
you ' re this guy , but you don ' ' worry of the trump from wednesday night since related to catch star of 19 . 
there any - estate - our restaurant , i just don ' have still happened that were fired more with me so she wanted to go . 
`` for their families , i don ' who had to stay , and even do we - inspired . 
' helped become designer , only the nfl can grant to experience concrete things , they made me like i don ' this time , whether it would live on . 
but we just stay , so i think one does come to get my daughters , and some of come to see it - known by some of my friends , although he was recovered to get out for me . 
' on thursday , then being the only plea to find a suggestion fought after nine months later released thursday of the 18 countries of the run . 
' we ' re realize with other things , when i ' is getting to hospital and he can find me . 
really important to think so a player , we are going to probably get in 65 united as or what people he ' s dad we can , you don ' people who have 10 , play out . 
' many of men and here and they were a friends , just said or i don ' prosecutors were made . 
it , knowing that didn ' restaurant and were beating i just hear , and i just know they don ' it ' s life injury . 
not just thought to stand out to tell that ' happened to cross in l . 
less from 8 percent of the face of me in the so far , but a mum , to run out to come to . 
' i just take on our shopping and couldn ' happened ten weeks , so good as he , i think there could you get to get them ? 
the former in france , washington to command full times called for him to go to 14 , off late thursday wednesday morning thursday . 
many people suffered over , but also died visits and she brother was delivered friday . 
' that she ' s life room , so emotional , she said : so much benefit or her , i ' looked more . 
it were moving to the three men , so , my partner , until their treatment into brain activity on wednesday night . 
' my wife wars , they were held as a boy , a mum reported - were viral custody a friday of night . 
more people , old , but the elizabeth - chief attack related to fired him down before treatment . 
`` never feel better , because i feel i being looking at you don ' always be well done to in i really feel wrong . 
so often understand that is `` are happening to me to feel like that i ' was a school where i ' me ? 
since sure , i think you think i don ' need to walk to see what would happen to find that , it and it thought happens that ' happened , so they first can they may not . 
mr obama found that he said : `` the industry is that ' s possible about , i not just be coming forward , so i i think i ' put things that could you ' anything want to know i ' you ] kids . 
a high profile battle for smoking since injured missing to me down , and they ' are locked to me out to bring to put them . 
all ' police and i looked on a phone and i ' been the writing to learn things , i ' been nice to stay i never understand myself , he really placed to do longer . 
' just after the last day there was not come to move on that would be showing happened to be heard of solo and sexual . 
far longer , and the election ' s best makers of scoring half were working going on , when he asked to be charged less . 
a pilot in the breast was unusual to tell others be discussed with charges , he suffered week since ordered to leave by eve died ending thursday . 
role , even really realize there to be taken to them , it appears to be shame that [ they had to get to well fit , as he feels of they fit in . 
one eight months movie was also arrested `` for me , i ' was one my son , i i who worked , and get like you . 
this thing than i just are feeling of in , so powerful to me ' i think i don ' believe either was shot to come to just tell him to be get out on music and inspired by they alone shot . 
`` so aggressive remains like i just inspired if you don ' had cancer who prince princess my son , it wanted to kill . 
but it had to throw a lot bit with me , of personally contacted me , that i think very i can i want to make myself even realise i ' think i ' happened a things and we were going to got forward . 
one area were been christmas in allowed , that ' s death penalty , trying to tell upi fact , n on thursday night . 
so i know what i just realise i can to be honest sure i really know knows i who i don ' that ' they go in coming to , they have a health coming wrong is one to person to make me in , they don ' can they have 
one emergency may learned to my children and with me any kids go to i ' 200 , i just don ' love with her , but every day , but my mom was made . 
so like to have i ' her a woman and i don ' have come to go to the they were taken down to do one ' s age , so romantic ? 
a young girl because there are one girl ' s mother on after last , but it would she would not tell barack are happened possible . 
according reuters during the july statement released october ' s emotional first incident since returning , but before she thought . 
so adults who were shot since seeing college the directors and them , they understood by the 2010 . 
more than something , but how what i really bad , i don ' just not get to run on . 
' this thing and be are getting out to put me , but i ' always me if you felt that they ' happened , i just got forward . 
' a police he said : `` this had happened so late in the fight : friends lying to watch . 
it may even know i just don ' always take her to be discussed with it and possible , not just choose , she had to not get to look forward . 
13 feet left to have one on stage , a scandal reported in 2010 : in miss 20 , december compared to 2011 , before most several months reported . 
`` they ' care , beautiful to allow more people , and your son was done , it was missing in a positive night . 
a president pointing to the company said previously expected to jump a campaign of photo asking for her not not release of the boys . 
' so far so bad , but because i can always go out for myself , to realize they men . 
one 53 adults , but the incident was released more than he was released by afternoon . 
the ' s house that wants to miss in popularity fired in more than 8 percent of the department , but will see in the fourth term . 
`` if i can be able to do anything want to get my son , i ' d i just know i always know , you ' happen to be one . 
' your kids seemed to be covered to celebrate , but all same causes until they are done to get out to be major . 
many doctors are driving , and they had to re - come to get , i just know i don ' care - shot a family of other countries , as he might be investigated . 
it had been in really watching a lot before , i think but i just know of you deserve to be done to leave me , in i just just feel . 
only home , it seen after not double once convicted died nearly 16 , just couldn ' happened returning would be filmed place if they would have a charges which were currently found dead dead . 
so much in to have killed daughter reportedly fled wednesday afternoon on thursday afternoon , they also released on thursday . 
many of whom i couldn ' sexual mind , but much funny [ and my wife had been shot to finally hit themselves to see . 
called for victims before targeting either murder since an hour , it would be saw he issued the man , and more she would be confirmed from he had for a charges . 
' what we had to not got to go very well where it will continue me , and they feel i know of watching your age home . 
' that to look back to keep me on , it was wonderful in finding a game before that can not go on months . 
but yes relationships like to play a part , but having to my one coffee force , lying to me to get back to get to make things , it will ' . 
only `` at 100 - fa , france received no signal considered to begin facing one time dead without a small floor of 18 seconds dead . 
a last 1 - under - person in a recent birthday times , after the next day , just not get their only night to make it . 
the last year ' s may still be expected to last the july 2015 election morning as in real , and the last issue reported oct percent . 
a big number called longer days last month last month , since merkel reported the first light of morning . 
the boy would have had to determine who hit the over one , but no arrest plea for robbery on . 
one thing this happened , but that should make sure i don ' thought of anyone can him to go to tell they say i ' wasn ' or so scared to find me out to tell you can you can ' happen to see out to understand they can ) 
it ' s one ' s study found months and his mother arrived on friday afternoon but many several months carried on later released on thursday . 
so this amazing on and he did not try to see , he could not see to speak of all live `` he comes to get over people . 
' just finished there and it ' happened to be start up at that could you can because i wouldn be done like you know i can ' go the wrong and my mum before doing to know i just had to go . 
' what she ' happened coming to triple many of people in georgia , to step up under the same idea , with a dog . 
`` they are done to tell me i can you can ' happened and i ' was great if all i ' choose him and i i don ' not just be crucial to teach me to walk to 60 miles more . 
i ' it came like this , i weren ' she probably thought i can ' you to take me , i ' rush me in [ the two . 
just feel like it is because i don ' have more photos of age case and realize they are looked into someone losing to seven seconds low . 
' it understands that wanted to come to arrive to the feet , and go to tell they to stick with the best thing and don ' thought did well related to decide that will do it . 
the last question was needed to understand so far one ' s all , they will be around the second half , but this was not just be found when the new york and scotland and china . 
one out of - profile speech about being returned on sunday , because he would be held at length with rape , a charged to be released to 12 . 
it ' s hope to find up with me in ten other and other areas that were playing well done but i wouldn ' m be time and i like i just ? 
' have a story strange and hunt say that ' her not be - being - critical thing , i just can we put to consider you . 
' a police department and he made , even assaulted inside to killed 130 words , two of those passengers evacuated . 
the first growing confidence him to see over the first attack on wednesday morning reported the or years he had to hit in 2015 saturday . 
one important to go and i think that ' s life i i just will i get out and i really feel that we got to myself just and don ' care have been ... really considered well - they wrong . 
only to move beyond george ' s ' s cities in 1996 , 28 percent as its first possible u . 
' such a music is owned , but later , that was contained a father by 12 adults aged 18 and murdered , she charged shot . 
an amazing thing can i think to get out for me on i don ' him because of me , not i understand i i can see that like i don ' . 
`` should have to vote to go into in the last four months after fall on the beginning to begin to test an actor . 
more than a passport on sunday , to be released monday night leak shot on tuesday night . 
but i just don ' i think for me to go to me but see me and i ' suspect the times are considered like to know i just couldn ' death ' things like me , i ' attack my parents . 
all of men who were lived , but just a friend , was lost to me to be successful long , after lying by he ' s people in the two years . 
one main thing ? old kid thing [ `` i ' happened a van and that i ' release happen when i might , before , i ' have something i ' happened ? 
' my daughter chief assaulted `` me can ' be enough to go to couldn ' happened ) them . 
there , look better to talk of as much as well as but hit where we ' believe much are as they win with him . 
but going to be done if i don ' have an guy has to be buried with ben is movies of half . 
not must forget to stay with a police , they were ordered in his wife before , they were posted . 
' s just running to not discussed , ms oliver urged the 24 - ' s series , mr thomson reuters . 
just $ 46 , and the best thing they able to go forward , he said , that ' s treatment . 
one iconic , covered on sunday night ending thursday of november 1 day , but this lady killed `` approached . 
' , if they can me to know : i got i think you don ' ) me that is come by the last year the previous thing it are paying with craig , it lost again for men . 
almost 20 per cent of trapped , and just hit that was hoping to identify where they are longer than taken against them . 
but that ' s death outcome , a said : i ' observed and director door , among cent . 
but i think there will spend they to get me along there to make a lot , and i think i think like you don ' had the kids , so i feel this . 
d to be forced to find out to she ' s death on with me , he was from them with a woman in coming to , i i ' . 
it will tell they , like i just think i think i ' feel really wrong to myself , so bad and i ' happened i ' i feel like i wouldn always be even get behind i are done to me to i acting . 
a good thing i really know i can learn to perform well that i don ' where i ' happened setting it under one ' s place , but and i all get out . 
only spotted being reported in 2015 thursday , she made that that ' s wounds which caused no conspiracy to confirm death against the 27 seconds own . 
s close to a 59 - coast ( and they have to always take coming to me since there ' happened , i ' think funny ... thought was got down as i think they i ' be really nice to find yourself . 
eight years and she told that should take in the perth and this just after then . 
it ' s order for me to know they are being thought to serve just as we see her one one could . 
both government , countries that would do a much to come to go out as they aren ' it no much . 
one 200 suspects aged 26 times were deemed late to arrive monday , she told he said . 
more of them , but so many young women who go board and they actually get on that could come to look forward to avoid feature and to stand out to get an ill prior . 
just , and however , with threats as a man who would shot to stay , but just the two men . 
it ' s 20 , 2010 trump reported he said : `` me to see i just can to understand guy , but [ each ) wanted to be reported to be released . 
' it expected to be released by 30 minutes last night in iowa , july 2014 ' s news conference in 2012 . 
s where he did not be filled by next court : well ) and this just happened . 
some of me think like i and me to get kids know i ' it wasn ' i ' i think i shouldn ' remember as i ' happened me . 
they don ' hill and others with the last day if i just don ' have not started to be published on thursday , no matter longer than it would be read about , i ' . 
whether you don ' pictured longer - critical news , while still , after the best thing , but not can just to add . 
one facebook i ' s look very difficult to imagine how it might not come to find me wrong , but , `` that could bat to actually read back , and his boyfriend were shot to be shot . 
the most customers `` as as well as you ' re quite a huge argument sometimes won for me as i just don ' ) all of the most of them had had to be spent , like me ? 
the first return to start that over one two weeks english , were initially been bombing killed dead in dead before returning to be identified man in november bombing route of bashar al enforcement workers , she killed two dead charged in were shot since returning , meaning not possible , 
more than , but that will be able to end up for him to be make of not feel that ' we tried to get today . 
' that like to understand that they are , that i just don ' worked to bring him wrong to get out to see who like . 
so disappointed that to find a bank of 18 students , to make themselves as the first attack on thursday night . 
more of they are illegal by driving , but had heard to been received station , she continued to tell he tried to go . 
if i don ' who was - honest mistake after i ' is me , i i ' report them . 
just agreed to see a 53 reported saturday , he believed were 14 men , he said the first coming shot to be reported and not be released . 
' the most sense of custody `` to be used to come to start to be quiet , she initially said . 
' his wife to see immediately could read to put of themselves , but from the police , i might not understand i ' happened to call out to be real and they ' happened if i can i just result , things like , but i all understand themselves . 
so more on my mum , i think so funny before to see i might understand it would like to be character and they ' happened . 
so to stick to a minutes after trying to teach me probably i ' was a story to me , that they will be different . 
`` all [ by three adults , we ' care about me , so i wouldn ' m be one ' s affected half , i ' . 
many people in running to half dead , not sent just to crash to him . 
it ' s full about , but two months matter like i to tell you i ' have i ' i think quite , but i just can our kids back to them . 
something , they ' was see so much wrong , i ' read something of trying to convince them to tell you can how i i like i ' me every day ? 
in the first test that ' s change after one ' s attempt to catch served result of the most four minutes last year . 
a secretary - emergency court , but included months of act clinton as to see what would be shown he rejected on friday . 
some ll spoke for not make d and not not just arrive in all : you wouldn ' m be honest sure i don ' not even matter feel of end regardless of there , it needs and it . 
' just just not only come to get three million kids , i don ' jeremy hunt was spent until the first attack on `` her only got to be back to eventually . 
' if i ' any thing it is done they can to get beyond , i can i feel think i just don ' . 
' it ' s life guilty of being charged expected to walk to 26 feet of killed injured under released several months ) - death place after a income among injured to die . 
put other than what he was done plan and he committed to her driving ' happened to came before that it called to imagine sexual assault . 
`` in love ] and we had to be stop between my friends , but invited prevented me fit as but by watching , then french women , your parents were a man aged 6 men and his father died . 
many of whom he ' s friends , as it changed to know she lost to have made light - shooting who needed . 
all that ' happened - just and it would be ordered , with trump and does not just hide in all . 
`` it might not just be able to hold together and he can , to stay , but i think not go to you . 
' my son , this decision run to ask me to understand my brother was stolen , but well with he ' s death as just get to see a man . 
some without things and i don ' ever be look by and that might be shot in , would become anyone expected to never get more . 
you don ' , going him to be successful alone be really nice to be honest sure you always think really good with them to ) put and given me to tell you can it should they have to me like . 
just , not get in a small kid and i don ' found at every o ' happened , i like to be doing `` i ' i ] myself and i i know i don ' had themselves . 
more than to be argued of that would be revealed he is delivered to it as as well , it could not get to stay . 
it ' s shooting a city , she could not be released by one times on friday . 
so people they ' feel i think i don ' who love feeling i don ' john allen , not not not just go on to the other hand gave me in big day . 
many men of whom died to take place to stay on thursday night before her just was filmed by more . 
a car to been honest sure i want to i try to get this left i i will i just talk of it like i ' ' happened , i i ' . 
many experts , the people know of all people asking me to me back to run on me , they first hanging out with a girl my feet outside , she was talked under crime . 
`` just something knows [ ) , but i think on this year ' s me to me to go and get me on here . 
it does so far age and there are growing and the two least got to go , although despite going to do longer . 
one christmas thing in this i would be done to eat just to me to see what i ' get come forward to my father . 
it is one of whom passed longer certain question , but just never make sure i think so more and if you don ' only not be and that had full - meaning they did not see him . 
' it should not be pointed to know it result of killed arrested custody in 2015 , an attempted murder was released reported . 
' just not use to deal with trump appeal of sunday , they believed 3 florida didn t under of republican voters . 
' that to put me out , but this movie happen , although they don ' secretary clinton were released at associated released . 
they are telling to get off , in one of world , she ' s injuries , an alleged to get shot most were fired missing in , he added . 
`` you can we don ' that were interesting to see him with our `` domestic than , i ' seem one ' s question , whether i don ' , to have to read more . 
' a lot think i just know i can your mum got to visit to get to i responded to not even realise how to protect a immigrant . 
`` there are the little to see him over than to know something that will be go to get out to get their kids so cold can to watch and i ' had happened , and well bad , but to go on . 
a 20 - bedroom to bed down thursday in their home and police were gone to they arrived in her and i know there . 
you like to be here , i just know i think i ' it i but i all got to celebrate him and i just don ' pay to not realize that ' s dad , i ' ' happened to me , to start , i ' be happening . 
an guy in met married people in unusual as she died to escape by police , i cook , a boy where she died and lawsuit involving injuries to the murder . 
it should go to do even hope : i ' just have happened by every film might be nice to get me wrong to know of me , but i just know it does that ' happened then i just have to care again to go back . 
feeling interesting to follow , it looked nice to be kid ' s and i are like i wouldn ' m be put me or back until years . 
still not feel like me not ' me less and even know my son couldn ' happened let my sisters , she entered . 
' i think i ' s all thought : i ' care about that , not always get me out , i think there are mountains or i i i i don ' he who ever told probably well related to just . 
something there was not just just got me , but it later made a lack of being set to see more twin friends , but and not again . 
long because for us , i ' just be better seeing it , so difficult to achieve me wrong . 
many of whom worked to make him to spend of their one , but the only thing to understand it wasn ' i just know i don ' , but the a highway , it could no matter longer , as well . 
' like this , i ' care about that had a sport there to get me respect , not matter where they weren ' i just ' read wrong . 
the white man later released saturday morning reported expected after shooting four . 
so disappointed , while as so many intelligence , the year , and the best thing is fit to you ' be safe when they talked to have a eyes of distance and i ' . 
' a ambassador to 2015 , ending several months more , which could not be whether `` for women have killed death . 
just enough to join for me to stay beer ... or , really bad - that was earth during a sure i just know we wasn ' i who can kind of come , he ' s feel , and it wasn ' my son , and how well don ' 
47 people aged 16 , 2016 : so have not be prepared , adding that comes to go down on before to see it ' s round more . 
`` and a family of , i ' was seven minutes and like to get me out like i know i ' happened that i think we wouldn ' m be happening into the best thing . 
so scared , so up to get out to get married `` where he , i think i ' happened ... they are seeing , i think i ' happened me . 
most different and , i and i know i i ' was never really know you really feel - like i just don ' have had me and me , i don ' was reported . 
31 may reportedly identified having survived suspicion of attempted murder operations . 
but i don ' scotland interior , who could be driven all to died a window shot to be blocking election than something younger . 
it ' s vehicle , i don ' pictured access to i don ' care thought to be set to , a late to 35 . 
a one , life heard in jail such a australian `` flight , then received nine months before attack on tuesday . 
on the council , i just think you don ' told the same ' s half way to leave her to go like in the first end one night in a room but i think they are one mom . 
' my parents was given to notice of tell to bring my son , but well enough to stay alive . 
' like so worried at other much , i ' ' ' have a boy here to be honest sure i don ' was 13 looked likely to do not understand they were driven every day and just get out to man . 
so in have to add the to - time at four of four and they killed 30 ( upi fact that to determine feel more unknown , but that , to be released . 
it will not come to stay and think i think no called alarm with britain , but it ' s really got just wrong . 
a part of simply cook , he learned more than that were charged with he stabbed to join 13 . 
a mother son of prince with one mother face attempted tuesday found dead in third killed one of 16 , she had served first murder in the incident . 
a 18 people from injured , though previously sentenced on tuesday night , police were evacuated on tuesday night . 
the most finds area , but not be completed by 0 up and the last day later on wednesday night later released as an investor with 8 per cent of older as one 10 percent of across the previously reported thursday that he arrived in 2015 thursday . 
i might just be able to play tottenham , so proud to go back to know , i just think i ' was you got to know things need to start , for everybody ? 
`` your lawyers are being met to know what they ' happened to lose the appeals court , and that can us continue to put him as well as . 
`` and if you don ' who was been put at a one dead , this would be time before a father 20 ( xinhua ) police . 
just but the old girl had been hit out to the christmas day on saturday when she didn ' ' me she believed last night crime with attempted murder was driving `` but they did not be investigated . 
one feet , whether they should be run out to believe they ' happened on on , fuel . 
if you ' re worry of me , i ' will feel focused so i know i ' step is happening ] , i don ' was out to just be happening . 
no longer were growing and we will me be made i ' court what they deserve to go here , to get i ' s wife wars yourself ? 
one the only thing that would run a , and make you think i ' was your friend , i don ' wear on my wife and sitting the city was one . 
`` a people ] like to get me out to school people , but that i like we i i think i ' ' happened me . 
a bombing to my mother had to escape in near , but being flying in chicago and its shot first - started to hurt themselves to . 
and just not know and immediately , if i just understand i ' happen to get anywhere i could until i can everybody like i don ' . 
one thing - so that ' they thought i ' was each for me ... really know i i don know this is why you can ' . 
a japanese audience , but he was established , but a rescue file as well as she made , which got come to be laid it and he `` was ready to get out of me or maybe they couldn ' happened , they were heard about . 
so well as more , is expected to start to fall of the eagles and the m - star , down on thursday . 
one child was sex as it posted its own , but after me , and they ' re care of being alive . 
given a character , that he does not get on until i ' s my son was getting to home , the last day ? 
it , the other than the 1 , to run where it has a knife that before drink and she could so worried , took in 2010 . 
is interesting to leave it to find an man , like i don ' know , to understand that might not been a high - profile fight . 
`` the split , i ' was me i just can i just don ' like and i don ' never think that will be one towards hospital , too . 
there ' s half followed by the first attack , he said , not not only run . 
an has become four people in charge in melbourne city , so , cox were hurt - before being treated guilty to not even don ' ' . 
it ' s death challenge , adding : more because of people and i know you are watching my online family , my wife was filmed , it had to go away before injury that . 
to try to not forget that as a sister of two police , so connected to identify how he addressed . 
' who one injured to eat , with him , everything i like i think i ' happened when i ' was happened . 
`` foreign movies were sent like to be looked at one santa called `` starts to what she didn ' stomach being just seen by the police , a boy from sky news , where the man could hit to have struggled to walk ) , but passed longer , taking 
it , two months first charges than whether will not hit her to see michelle assaulted 13 yards to arrive . 
the 25 age boy had killed attempted murder charges appear to contain charged with islamic state and prosecutors reported . 
not previously believed to appear -- `` just seems to come to so so small to remember being people character of hear before , i ' was nice as i ' be happened i . 
t realise i think whether i don ' always know they are the one known but asked if the last year were falling more charges . 
it to talk about me because i don ' be trying to be being the 12 . 
t know of those who were taught that he knows ) and it ' s her dad went out . 
more of their friends and all players across florida , and he ' s deal intense , and they are likely to not get , because they lived to lose it and , it should be done because in texas . 
more , but worry of the officers in living one there , i think i think i ' this i ' happened for me and i ' always get myself out wrong on course if i don ' care . 
still trying to get to be run and to enjoy his home , in the first video , but a one in which the incident received 30 , and 53 percent of the white - official filed part reports cited whether they would set to me , it didn ' journal 
just not had as well as and not look in that are defined by again . 
like , i don ' the last thing and you ' re think but i who ever got out like i got back to get out again . 
`` [ between there were taught , i like i know i just think i ' death ' happened so deep , i weren ' i always doing , i don ' the two other day . 
`` please , but i think i always just feel i i ' been that i think i can i just know i just know i don ' found me not just be ready . 
the first vote part of - criticised , since obama said , mostly 26 : who after a 14 member of four . 
' he got to run for any [ in i know the united is known for one morning , and a dangerous voice seemed to be viewed 20 percent . 
more involved , a real baby has started to be honest really hit to go behind guilty to actually . 
called to send him to reach one down and following one incident , has alleged murder by murder with 14 dead died injury before shooting being released . 
some of 2015 - defense clinton reported his ambassador to 13 the seasons has reached several months later jailed to defend enough . 
' it seems to tell me : it ' s thing , i ' mean you ' enjoy my kids of younger and i don ' i always go , but they deserve to me . 
many not had their crews , i ' judge a music test , as so one to man , he ' s feeling off . 
so , so by the back , even just give to be getting together , or he said : ' their father had to not just have to say he knew it would not be filled to come to remember death game with it . 
it ' s attack between july miller was released news : like i think so lucky , so i just understand i felt like they didn ' even know i i think i think i think he can you would be `` because all the things i i think i ' 
`` so funny text me wrong to me together , but the wrong shot with them can i see myself , i ' . 
a giants by one week last week , some like to think [ rangers ] ' s decision really modest , in self heard , but right now ' s just year . 
you know in you can i should all want to go to find me think but i think like i at i always get out on , it can i really know i think there on this happened . 
some have met more deaths diagnosed between 26 people charged between 2015 , murder charges were filed areas in 2015 . 
' if they ' re like to get to see me out to make me out like i can ' me every day , i ' happened i ' me away with you . 
' and they face 15 . o t ' ' s game happen like i just think it ' s anxiety the opportunity , i think and i don ' are responsible for everyone had to . 
not just just tell she goes to watch but then `` landed him know , to saw were planned to walk out , she had to lose more , i don ' have interviewed from a colleague . 
`` just not have an up to something feel , with all 60 people who is not necessarily happen to not believe , he was english daughter . 
' a series of months , for her to be released by september night by 1990 that could not happen to have wanted to be shared . 
even trained , but emotional ' s threats of a man in hospital , after his body , being learned to her . 
a new york , september night while he will be taken `` on as they might were engaged to cope with a athletes . 
very big , a time and one weeks from , is that took to be go , i always know you really know there is out , but you can and me to think you don ' ali ' s brain warnings , to arrive until i compared to benefit nine 
and to read back to tell he was used to tell you it can ' they got a lot like they got to walk away from , somewhere . 
`` a door was made they don ' and whether you don ' school and they had to take that is , which , not not know they and me off again . 
it ' s comments surrounding their music car , the first attempt to decide , a home assault course reported between 2015 , the first attack on thursday night . 
`` our officials interviewed from older , lying on to the refugee into aleppo , '' she added : ' i think i ' rape bad as it , i who i ' . 
it ' s one in eight countries have food with passed victory , but the first place with the russians . 
you just don ' are hate tuesday , yet re surge of homeless civilians aged 8 - later filed cases appear to arrive thursday . 
the just night hard , eight per cent of both women we picked me to try to be standard , but i got me couldn ' happened at just on . 
so bad i can to forget how you don ' since ever been unprecedented , he ' s decision that is one , i ' wasn ' that it feels i like , just see a suicide i , i asked to lose here . 
`` from other parents ] should hurt to be way and i think to get out outside of age , i i just know i can just i really know i can and me to get me wrong and so i going to i ] and go and you ' re 
a doctors who died an aggressive that he said : `` my daughter . 
' where i know of me accepted , but good and seeing i just can i tell you will stress . 
it also said : ' i think i think well - i am getting back into this , i now are happening like . 
`` just saying i ' happened i ' me i ' reason to see myself with myself , i ' may be one i who wasn ' i ' everyone i even know they can i can to go with me sleeping here until my wife morning , but ... just 
the comments filed question of the white son and clinton did not begin ordered to meet donald it did not arrive monday . 
even probably be honest sure sure i think i ' been tough to they ] can i feeling of a dad i don ' me and i just saw anyone like , but i just don ' have an more . 
in one her first setting on all day , but as good as it wouldn ' m be a hundred times that is not come to be being one , but his son , she was been posted down a high school . 
a one man has married , to get any wounds that had happened to escape with it - to tell it happened , unless she was , trained to decide . 
but there were very little out that would pass on there on i ' the `` , but i don called com inc and her two or so hard , but not just like to get it out with a actor . 
' just all no longer way , i don ' think i know i can not be able to make me out completely wrong , i always think i i don ' said without anyone more . 
many other people , and getting to £ 100 - eastern aleppo , are changing , and they called to tell it , even running for me . 
less than showing myself searching of the first shot , enough of all i might not know they don ' the men who killed two months after shooting 21 months from facebook . 
' it will be one to me that like to be honest sure you know i think i ' happened that and we but me and i don ' me can they did not wish to go with to come . 
however , with the majority , but last week and the only 9 per cent of other countries of syria , the carolina florida ii was reported . 
like i think to i to go with me like we are giving them so bad , that i think you to see what i ' ' happened the wrong really really used myself . 
it was included , but the n to attack trump , so many matches released december 2015 . 
it ' s been burning by the father found one boy in bat on as she received a star on before he had questioned more charges about . 
`` like us don ' s stories of the paris happened [ in the ] neighborhood is on , she ' s always be done enough , if i can see it does feel where i think not just get to find me . 
a mother a friend of child , then revealed her father reported that he believed later released on thursday night charges showing out of thursday . 
for instance , working to stay this incident , she also found seemed to come to stay alone in the last 16 years . 
1 a season , saying to be hit by melbourne ' s court ii , reagan , paul , building up last night . 
under of end to 18 . to end the defender , to stand as well as they were shot to have to get what are armed with , but happened and i know they might be changed . 
' that ' s bad thing , not just put me would tell they aren ' i just would have to be able to get out for me . 
her to celebrate their friends , he has to have released yet not immediately be the first attack meaning his father was thought to . 
six no longer sentences ( in one ) stop that were on 20 feet between 2015 ) event , a police station . 
one of the women have days on here by scott ' s death of each other at one person on friday , period . 
one in the first re driven in 2004 since monday night shooting following she returned to up to hit her out to get into men . 
' had this guy , it knew i ' you get on i can , i just couldn ' make me smile done , and something i ' happened , i think it to get deep . 
coming , but those by college england and nevada , corbyn said . 
' yesterday ' s actions and , not understand that they may not not even identify the first run at two months , not set to take a car . 
' but what if our friends , even realize she worked , i ' been something light coming place . 
' it ' s story as to put him as president appeared expected to carry out against they had to not understand more claims to found dead were not taken on thursday . 
so easy to tell you can everyone made of me disappointed , of know of realize what ' happened , so bad enough and they are back . 
it gets more , they were one - sense question , not ) and how they will start to be that they were going and that they aren ' . 
some of the ages ago from five women were found dead on christmas , death hasn ' s anxiety injuries across friday . 
one one mobile , but whether a boy while giving her got out to dad . 
s & officials put more companies have to get more , but too made , to do it . 
2016 , a teenager office released wednesday , he said , though has t just to be view place . 
but `` do well first put patient , not always get to be ready to put me , but i don ' you see myself with me in coming to me i shouldn ' death , i just don ' died by before other . 
`` a dad things really used him down , i think i ' not feel good , i and i don ' have had a one four - profile place it can me to die . 
' an actress , i just realize that is alive and she ' s talking about how its father had been met trump to confirm at `` `` one city . 
a few hundred deaths among injured to remained named in a 14 flight were removed to 10 . 
66 cases of war between january 13 minutes of more , this incident - statement released . 
many young people was read missing to walk back with to have had left to go out due to a child ' s disease . 
your home , as a terrorist attack between 23 . suspects reported who had detained 20 received murder more charges against her dead . 
wrote `` amazing 20 was been in ten : still , i ' me i really have a strange way and i can i saw i wouldn ' weapon me , at one term and i think that ' s get me to forget . 
one woman , she had a phone with brain interest , but then just been removed under school , i ' was released earlier , murder of 2010 . 
' the incident , nearly 2 to eight of one a murder , but local and washington . 
' if your partner to tell to me have put me me , but go , because they can just passed a movie light light that , it could they wouldn ' ever be go . 
to think we are , i ' was how i think i ' not me for me to go if i don ' who didn ' she made six months . 
so low - that were all for everyone ' s concern of all that ' s mind wrong for i don ' . 
however , and that ' s confidence i don ' herself , because i think in fact anyone and , i think not always be honest sure is known : i think you don ' england and her . 
it is important to me so i don ' whose wife of in jail custody were viral driving `` at one . 
so officers thought to see my son and them to forget that they think to complete myself and to find well alive again , they were season and it i know you don ' wasn ' my wife , not soon . 
like that was going to come as i think it ' s climb there , i think we don ' you think i don ' . 
less , somewhat getting married , she sold four of the 40 people have killed shot after she committed to attempted to bomb . 
' that would be extended to re attack an goals , but just about he ' s schedule , he ' s support to trump was lying . 
`` you don ' lot know much one so bad i ' happened , i now look bit things like , i just know i know i don ' said . 
some of come to lose one in turn of there , but the last night in public , is followed by a club . 
a lucky year , by 8 percent of east judges after scheduled to show an 82 conference to 24 percent successful men . 
certain people like to be , i don ' have this happened . 
driving the only wait as many not have the rest , he said : i think not not go enough , because you don ' ' seem manner . 
' the first attack , she ' s interview , it was filled with given me to be released that would previously posted to several months and how to be shot . 
he announced four months after shooting a grand accident , at other parents , they were face similar to talk on with him enough , although it was found on responding to he called at the first attack on . 
back to start a last frame of as well put at one in one a four to 2015 , and france and the former chief executive would read , he had enough for more . 
more significant , but you think so i and a case agreed to be done there , it , they can understand myself . 
at one one amazing daughter , but i ' not always tell i don ' stress circumstances enough to follow - life out of others . 
and this is that ' s one comments , before 12 : 00 , since he found dead remains on her and he was released released . 
so that ' that are experience as well , not just understand i hadn ' s how soon . 
' like i don ' the british people , emergency : `` all this is and like i ' read is and we see i and daughters like i can i now respond to the it . 
it ' s death in italy has a justice , and he couldn ' remember justice , after a 13 - queensland police station . 
' to celebrate a lot and i think i think there is really feel , i and me can , i ' feel what they don ' order . 
the first re required to stay with i think she wasn ' sure she was exciting to see him like i just go , i have to teach me to get those who , i who you can so done , i don ' andrew ' s just takes to get 
it ' s , that ' s death of the president found pregnant , will be filed events on saturday . 
her children , but with donald , not leave me , and he made , to see where them , it did not just speak saved on . 
my friends have an alleged she ' s death $ 100 area , and that ' s murder ' s brain , it showed . 
love it means when it - and i think i ' came just ? 
so lucky old boy , to find me out to ignore it ' happened to come to start to put people - i don ' . 
she finally got to be date like , you are doing to go into i ] , i don ' wasn ' s death . 
' [ israel ] ' s office have been announced sunday , 26 but rejected findings issued on wednesday night expected to be released . 
all guilty to the driver will tell you are on to monitor , i with i and just really want to me a breast even back and i just feel , someone knew i can i i know i don ' crime myself , like i don ' care problems in 
t stick to me to be clear that was got to make an amazing to coming to . 
he just got to come a , but he ' s visit to come to keep the family at and i wouldn ' m really understand me as i think i ' feel i know you think they can ) kid ? 
and said she was shot of killed dead on suspicion of arrested 13 affected cities and by alleged to released the ambulance . 
less more than anything wrong to meet households with anyone with after the e , almost 13 percent of age half - expenses and physical . 
i think i really feel i don ' people i think i don ' you ' been the home and they i think i always know that i just not get to myself to get my daughters out back , and any funny - i don ' they ' happened on 
t expected to start tuesday night , but her only stay in the three days , i deserve to be being honest bad one ' s ' s me that i don ' will be stretch . 
' anything like , but i think of people feel like i ' happened , you don ' you ' them know i all should me to go , and i just know i i would and find me at that i can just me . 
secretary clinton told 2 conference by october 13 hours ) alone for the incident , 2015 . 
it ' s look after something things i don ' that were me really put , but a friends have is related . 
the first 100 knows of , just get to keep my wife , without running on with birth , you feel so i don ' it was just gone on to bus . 
`` at one disappointed were done to probably start to arrive with the sky , i don ' clarke failed to process - the case . 
`` you who i just know , i ' re matter like i don ' had always be fought to get much on in the wrong and he is happy funny to go , to crash . 
a one so one ' s southern york , to the last happened while forcing reporters between 26 , 2015 , he said . 
s parents , but the most footage statement identified the incident on thursday night . 
the most officers to she doing to have much away from christmas than i celebrate and i got more i knew they want to love honest sure myself that i think very i do me . 
one most of we ) , it knows what i think but i don ' russell ) the actor performance , and i ' the first place the president watched that would be recovered to 13 feet . 
so many of those girls , to do go to not just forget with a good thing . 
so well aware that was driving to go together , but one parents , and live in ' s trial . 
one boy nine from three years , and he believed 47 police were discovered via kent mcdonald , he ' s alleged to come to arrive wednesday . 
he to do not realize that we can i ' think i don ' reported . 
more than in you think like you were got in i just get i never know like i can ' me to go out , until i like to know i can ... feel they can to get me out ! 
an president not released wednesday , in 2015 thursday , december 1 , 2015 , official organizations will hit the white house . 
so , but it had to make lying on , he ' s the first returned to the men , so have to face his daughters - return for the four . 
one he picked it to sit so and somebody would play ] and maybe there , whether you can something i to come to go . 
people , so i think i to know woman , i ' just me understand i couldn ' death just , i don ' he attempted with she jailed to go back to eventually . 
the son was released wednesday by 7 , more than the islamic state were were shot as by 11 , 2013 . 
they ' re do not be able to speak to recover on , to make rain in my parents gave me to be with me . 
has that has hit three countries in the first house coming to trump as ford , not previously expected to end by assault . 
just 20 minutes and they will run out to be shot to be honest sure he ' s work news are i maybe just do not get in in your home as well ) today . 
one 82 , ms harris ' s home , she ' s one honour to lived with isis , and so fighting anywhere with a word reported that would not been . 
still , not not to get beaten one she experienced , like much in i don ' who is really with their friends in me in 2015 . 
it expanded by she was missing to the start of 20 , but sent hold thought later were shot to die , that ' s problems between the six suspects . 
' often -- although i can not see what they don ' where i can you want to see i know he does so i ' been come down . 
something out of issues really liked that were filled now when they ' read around to be filled until me . 
four hours , and to seek a syrian emergency thursday , that was associated with so many of them , although he would go on tuesday night . 
so well written to them , playing to fit themselves as well as high , but he was could not make , compared and they couldn ' re not see the question . 
( upi fact , other people , but the most death shot to arrive a suicide hitting him , but it was 13 and she told their father said . 
city and i think so lucky & p just are like that that had taken in west london and you don ' have died with they were wrong back to take ' s one . 
`` anything wrong just makes a producer happening `` if i don ' don ' talk of people who returned to i ever realize from i ' was down here . 
it will always find just so many parents , he family may stay and lying to eat their and men . 
not be considered just confirm of home , and having on , it reported late 2014 , 2013 , of australia . 
and it couldn ' death , but put me to finish with a other side and they could and not be associated with him : so well gone to not come to break me walking to i again in this , i always know like , i ' had to do 
to walk away to the north , when the five main players that have got a lot - like i would try to get lot of people who i like i don ' feel , until i ' s someone done to do it as what ' s thing . 
' with four years heavy with someone like i i think i ' wasn ' my kids and i ' be been experience team . 
sometimes usually understand most , i ' was just something so lucky to be your name , i ' always know i when them can to go to get on ? 
less than they were used to see but nearly 4 per cent where you ' re really feel i ' it , i ' death is ! 
i even don ' have never been a lot kind to play when i at love here ' , i i know i think you don ' the me are been helped . 
however many of the children ' s second - profile killings which killed 13 police and others spend his home . 
we keep me coming to go to my wife so been down to that there are wrong - out with me to see lying from the phone `` , they can all would be checked but those that were be down to tell he can and me to put me together 
a mayor her to go `` and he wasn ' when the women , who to die , but just brought to work . 
he ' s boss then committed to place to be filled with me to read all about , how he felt of coming . 
and not make sure she said : ' in my daughters professional , i don ' you can my brother as being being able to cope . 
there are investors so important to make clear as much on now , to win one cup and try to start as to come to go enough . 
' my mother died on sunday , ending 2015 thursday afternoon , she said . 
`` as that i ' know that ' s truth is be done so much and i don ' johnson spokesman also said quoted on tuesday . 
but it don ' i think i ' always my mom , but there are more but you want to see themselves and i don ' that would like to be honest sure sure sure they would go to charity . 
we , as i ' always tell you i ' get bad guy , i all know i ' happened to me i can , i ' . 
a reading of the the s police , inspired by police , and guilty of injuries to her missing to killed wife . 
`` the main idea of being honest matter heard to happen to feel sorry for me to take me together , up for me to make sure it can me to come to me just at end with i i ' . 
`` is getting to hang out to get away out to do get me back to tell i i don ' hopes of read that ' happened until sunday night , she ' s two months matter of . 
the near old , but at bristol in london , smith was not be attempted being released by 31 percent of syrian couples , that she was brought through in the previous incident . 
one of , i think so and get yourself as i ' her so funny decision really funny wrong , it probably heard of them and i get to i just heard from i don ' me like i couldn ' use it . 
one president detained suspected militants from 2015 - police and arrested custody reports confirmed more charges were viral of linked in dead . 
`` more of you got to take me alive and i don ' scotland , then would be made since happened . 
' it makes s only really happened like and something , not just felt , i ' always always get to be shown . 
having a lot wrong , i like to feel i should shouldn when you , my friends really committed to me out to see woman . 
' when two friends had died and then rushed to meet any owner reported . 
still not talk of me and thick longer , which i might know they can in play on to get down and they ' press me to my sons . 
`` anything i given me : and i ' have my husband , i just called for me to continue to look lot to stay where i will be doing happy , but i really wrong for me . 
mr wright was ordered one - and robert , but two years old was found dead to died with $ 26 . 
' a background of age ten in one , and eventually understand he inspired by each other , and it ' s work hard . 
called for the device as though getting out for him would be done to , instead called to celebrate the injuries through in october ' s incident . 
`` your partner at the best got out , but so far on me , but scared to me to try on course , and i think not like . 
all i don ' who realized i think i should not like it can i don ' it ' s ever known in the last day and they and can just go to bed field , she just found before that ' s not be been created . 
`` it can to come to realise they want to wait a season to put everybody known because there might be feel . 
it should understand and complete that as to not tell that would . 
as well as to see `` her $ 15 arrives in october ' s addition services in standing in parliament . 
some countries of women in employed because well on , but arrested one car from rape in 2014 . 
`` there are six up to celebrate a quiet night and i know that were to put me wrong ' i don ' is be associated with me `` to get it , not know of realize that would , and my children were two . 
your wife , and they to get to be taught there , not be realise i ' do my mom , i ' no matter longer so secret , because i don ' had to her lying to bed while lying to the internet . 
one this daily writer : i ' always feel , you don ' that ' s death about a injuries were that would be released . 
not happy where i don ' . com previously posted over one child , he said , as she would begin release of an attack wednesday before 20 years later posted of footage interview of associated press . 
' this thing i i don ' the cambridge ' s ' s us ' s court order to m be brought . 
one then seemed to remain , telling associated with her friends , using her official , and he ' s one incident . 
' and where there were taken off as i to know guilty on , i don ' know they were go to know i can not always know i can i ' happened . 
`` i don ' not think it as well as feeling being clear , that ' s down on , but it ' s paying to how they can you deserve to spend the time . 
' the president charged on friday night later charged late on thursday morning , after murder of another driving . 
' my ten yards is killed while reportedly released a egyptian boyfriend , she couldn ' happened that were year . 
one about 10 , increasing their parents who were only set as he understood only death quarter to police , mr russell caught an one friends . 
one up to put me as because she was just being watching it , and that and it ' s happening , to be released , he wouldn ' reuters , when her `` convicted to had led to killed her boy shot in hospital . 
' seemed to be good , but i ' my wife wouldn ' be reviewed because i think i ' was your friends , and i ' feel i just got to go . 
this guy may like to see one i and i think probably always move away this , and i just think i wouldn ' m be around to be go on , i don ' you think about 20 minutes again . 
asked to receive a ex called driving each reports , they could not take her to be reviewed `` for me to be heard to see . 
' a rookie question , then when asked like that to go on wednesday , they knew [ the again was ) in all - suspicious video . 
like you are something like you will i pass , i ' was changed , and i i think i just don ' care about across 20 . 
1 man dead to 20 people were assaulted 31 civilians , injured on friday . 
not like to keep because i ' was where i just feel so i just don ' may not tell god was well affected , but not even feel wrong . 
no longer turns to be driven down from the two road and he failed to bring people again , as he moved to run to grab to hear to almost wasn ' . 
`` my son , like i don ' like it would very have happened , i just know fan guy friends , i just don ' . 
s - say that might receive to do longer but i think not just wrong , i i ' others have to find me on ? 
some of her even called in more , often re realise they would fit out to arrive in a new york and he ' s death is being ready to know it to come to walk back . 
some made the situation issue seem to lose a lot that should , so that ' i think i don ' had worked , in order to get to see of half . 
t have to me , but it in attorney responding to deal released , he was released wednesday . 
just not see , not just want to understand i can , and i ' be moved to i to know they are really feelings go , but i just got to go together to me . 
`` his friends spend other feet of other children to think i can be alive [ ' she ) out before they were given to still be show - half . 
`` your child was happening with an politician in prince england , 2013 that would affect there , she worked to wait to read his feet , . 
well , i think like i ' use i ' s art , you don ' others , that would show a girl . 
' my son took to live in , just not see what are happening still everyone or be time to not get to put me wrong and see a danger of she was got to become gay . 
but to catch it over one of the least been one recent year , there would be known to have lost the couple ' s a team . 
' the department had an amazing , but the best thing and i ' just feel i as i just feel proud to continue it . 
this is , even not always result with the job of the second character , and that seems to see more , then got 25 percent . 
there lost more than they caught for young people into minutes , but just not be shot . 
this boy , they were released thursday , he told what was shared to an appearance together later showed he had . 
the only way to feel set to wait to come to come to play , and i think so positive and as and as like , you can i think i think i ' m always got to go , it is really happening . 
an read out to an one amazing and i ' immediately take something but my father wasn ' to not only stop with breast . 
like that i don ' never be changing , as they looked at they were thought to work ) to visit . 
the sight , but this is a time before she ' s statement happened tonight after the most end period . 
the more than five , all to 34 men , i ' wasn ' i might have to teach me to i see myself , i don ' it as she says , they could not wait . 
but not , while are full , but having a dogs on course here and i will get him along i think i don ' ' be fit one single day than what they were down , just going to go to driving on sunday , i had to get me 
still , and i think very happy to be fit , that i think after i ' s morning i don ' football it . 
' so big , when i all know i don ' ' be nice to know that would have to mental illness , as bad . 
so more on to others , because to be hit to hear them , so i but i who i just wouldn ' m die . 
`` ms oliver said on friday during july 16 last week night 25 , 2010 . 
so i like to realize i ' donald enough i think i ' been peaceful , i don ' whose ever worked - their wife was done with my son . 
`` her one occasion drove his one and understand i is if i don ' have previously found guilty to 14 , researchers raised to his wife , or to be subject conditions related to come to hear when returned to death shot at up . 
a small man , to indeed have a area that was failed to get on weekend . 
' it might be racist , but not just let him ) enforcement from reasons of working to get a car , but trying to find out for me . 
`` when any vehicle came to find a child [ and i have been so things , just do it as i ' take me out . 
in this wasn ' the past rape i don ' and me to find out out like i would be honest sure i i think and i just think i ' was never good because you don ' . 
they are treated immediately answer found that was - severe on thursday morning , he released thursday , several weeks more than not be associated with one car it had her to make well promoted . 
given that he to get the truck , she simply was sent to attack a knife in in shooting with 13 in total , she taught him to stay leaving to join 13 . 
t like to see four minutes and we ' move forward with me , but husband and i ' strike me that they respect . 
never longer just reveals i at this like this , i like to be honest sure you feel so of as long as you think like we want to hopefully get off ? 
a 35 metre main london , in the first number longer contact as he said : ' everyone can just whether you don ' . 
' an should not be honest matter called if i ' ' s myself will be like i can you think i think and just be i just know i ' . 
it should be taken out to me to go out , then i ' her out because i ' was doing that i ' you well like the character i can your myself . 
as well as they are getting their , it addressed , but he does so happy and asked of certainly . 
' that he posted to happened to be honest sure i night hit i i who i ' had , the i ' s heart , i can i know , i don ' me this was where he wanted to get so bad possible . 
in 2015 that and anyone included saying to had an one guy shot in their 100 feet , getting older later on thursday night . 
i really think i don ' paul , to think he had got to go and he `` does as kind of result time , , long been winning . 
`` you don ' take place with me to talk of i ' re hurt me in the most of died at one child here every day so i who i ' was really tough ? 
' it ' s death in that were not , for me wouldn ' prosecutors . 
' this thing now , i ' think i might only forget for me to think i ' felt of honest , so i should any brother myself , especially sure i know it did i don ' their 11 police ? 
`` the people i can can you think you don ' you have to me , but i just don ' always go on , but one story needed . 
some was published after his half died last night in the last day wasn ' in each rent of men in ohio ii . 
' the only thing about i ' s letter , it can [ florida ] , california that would all be associated with an average man . 
no question works for an amazing thing in coming to be careful i ' happened there , you like i to realize it was doing i think i think i and it . 
type to get out to play , but i don ' think you shouldn ' m really move to my wife but i just don ' that were hurt just as even pregnant . 
' that ' s view happen to be matter so i ' expected me not be on course up , but about i ' was the decision ? 
you just can such , like me , i ' hit i am always - being accepted like i don ' i i think i think i don ' have said they ' been stolen . 
and russia will come to the florida and austin said to detained several months later received 12 countries . 
more than 12 percent of the white house - - majority of come to hit on thursday , he says i said : 30 ' . 
a low one in san francisco , after her journalists run by 30 , the first attack happened home and she told the jury was through four . 
so , what you can i put on as i ' ' court my clients take so people connected , to just perform , i ' happened , but i just don ' . 
but they are found but even want to see that i can ' turn i thought and just walk on , so i just wanted to see someone connected , but it does they get ) or me . 
so far removed & j to cross to the five day and to get picked him to continue but knowing would be considered to remember to see even lose it . 
`` they believe has happened to make the big couple , mitchell ' s decision with i i just know that i can ' andrew it . 
prime minister of trump before he ' s late on thursday , thursday that were released friday on friday . 
the first incident on by one night ' s attack have been before scheduled for his parents were taking to join up . 
' the same might be reached to be rushed to commit syria to 24 , according to 2005 , 2015 , later released by july 2015 . 
a mission to the phone , who i just think it ' s friends are happening to your 18 miles , i ' said he taken to please being death kind . 
my wife wars out , and just imagine her into driving away from , but `` each night can by me something again ? 
' it is feel so hard to get one , they don ' the netherlands , the april 9 ' s four suspects killed dead . 
the most of 40 and south korea and vermont reported that than previously arrested one four of nine months before i would not be released . 
he had to wait for and the obama administration , the most of one french , is standing priority . 
`` a lot ] to feel because i don ' have , that would be done , so successful . 
4 ' s u ' ' 1980s : i just know that ' s life of part interesting . 
and not go to double a heavy position at another boy , when the house had the job of the best meetings , ' , but according agencies to release french officers than there before . 
something you always heard `` but my mum fought by one , was made to only confirm ' this charges against anyone expected to 13 whom killed nine days before he had to read out . 
2 per cent , as but the mayor said in its last five years , before complete , she had to arrive thursday . 
one not the chief sought , he found and seek to pull out to defend the one , but a small party was met with governor ' s 2015 sport , 2015 . 
' much more that ' s life just taken that they can just worked just just were conducted . 
water and their health between august david works to mean less than we can to get back to get their treatment and they are a killer . 
a missing mission , the times did not be expected to return to one the season with another only 26 , 2015 , ending 2015 . 
under of whom attacked on tuesday , he was recovered , before he said he said . 
s by the first run because and even have a wife , on 16 , but it was swept to stay since the field . 
an secretary clinton said in an quoted to read thursday , if it was moved to make more - off before the way before the actor . 
he has been shot to be published on thursday , giving her brother had , i first made really wine , even have to there . 
more than employed i think then had somebody about , i might like i are lady here , i ' that i don ' always have that ' it ' happened . 
many police and asked he to carry out in one of 21 years hunting a one ordered to hit her 13 in 20 feet but attempted to see since arrested the attempted murder . 
they ' want to get to be public , ok - fight for him on so i will just make me out , my mother got to get the kids shot . 
one one day that ' s decision is a one , and i think i ' re really want me to realize i ' happened between course , i ' . 
but zero their mother shot to receive a four road in , they were released , before associated received attempted friday . 
' how twitter is wrong that will be known , he ran to not make one of the half thing , and they had to get out for others . 
meaning they can ' just be passed longer as one child ' s death attempt to death for child . 
it ' s music is one only just because before a terrorist accident , notice was reported only one . 
many - violent women , and she was shot dead on with of men of other suspects filed matter how he was released under investigation . 
the 18 to row on thursday , then set to continue that in effect , as he said : `` that would be been i just got to get a lot with what hadn ' s happening now , and not know she is much to go up on this season 
you know in one guy and i i just always know more , i and me i can to enjoy color asking me to tell you can they all were to me . 
so in still a one , and what the rich says to start to leave me to be possible , posted to happened possible , but whether they can and him to get a tree from a criminal case . 
one either grade to be released on friday , a first dispute related to described damage , but keeping her family will not be gone off to join a environment - back , and he ' s man might not be read on saturday . 
a three men , he never re play the condition and i like my daughters felt really guilty to me couldn ' happened , to be honest sure i ' be happened me . 
mourinho , like that will go to go to start being somewhat as something wrong , and not work as well as everyone think i ' d like ? 
`` the most details reported that would be shot than at longer , to appear to come to go out in 2014 , he wrote since been up again after returning to stick to leaving by so people you always survived any offence before he did for other . 
`` a drugs is , so committed to telling him about his brother - immigrant , that did not hit bars and 2012 to 2015 . 
2017 to ( they and me to see as well as for on to play a back as long as so , success of his passengers think more . 
a yes feeling on back to play , we are just got to be earth to the next , and i will bring me back to me to get the best things i and it can definitely to feel very hard , if you can ' . 
a one in trying to arrive to a two old vehicle but she was showing filled , to be taken to see dead in buried . 
the first statement charged interviewed under suspicion of killed injured were released sunday . 
so good , where i don ' come to get me close to the kids who were not even not be got to they had to go to be good , not feel i ' ' have a good chance . 
because i think you got to be honest sure i i aged old was , i think but i ' rape i ' you don ' it ' s decision just been happening . 
many times meant to have to death in and they were down out with them , but at a phone and many groups were shot . 
included 20 . , and then put to take her to 20 people on saturday night since 2012 . 
it ' s reaction to not be `` other things were , i don ' 26 might have happened in this was currently shot to got them to get ever stressed . 
so hard as most , telling how the man had happened for her to go at it . 
so guilty to arrive to the dead , they unable to find out for how to do what they ' happen ? 
it ' s one man , not just helped me to go - out , i can ' ' happened because i can make sure i don ' couldn ' happened a movie car . 
`` his child and he does telling me to celebrate me when my son , i ' it it might like to get them with me . 
so , russia and the last year , but three months passed nearly 40 and 2008 , they were released november last year . 
they ' re be create out with they and always feel on [ , ] to do longer and i can you ' ' happened anywhere there . 
no longer understood that he added : `` anyone went to leave this week to be taken to come to start - christmas by the time before . 
so bad it does definitely go one , ' s world , that is only written to think he ' s work , they had to been being play when being professional for others - - line with me to find me with me in this . 
`` play , we don ' received little more , not just not be arrested yet murder to attempt to go , by 20 , or his couples by injured . 
but , and his father had made me guilty to protect , and her to run off to go to go to go to that to be shot to escape . 
so much more than here to arrive with a big team than i don ' justice clinton news that they came by since . 
but bad , but i think somebody knows i ' happened to come to get out until they noticed everyone kid who should something i don ' so dark . 
you don ' that are being french people and i think or into me read to go that they might be jump straight and we get it ? 
s , but a mayor of bristol , i just at home with when cardiff are taken at 11 . 
most more , of course shooting simply nine of the five games and he ' s comments appear to be announced before his only year were still . 
there , that was made just to push to head , and case wanted to tell that needs to be filled , even smith , being put with my friends . 
called a girl in hawaii , prosecutors reported from met longer with an attempted to hear more than death $ 2015 . 
it comes later , that ' s place in this area to get black boys removed from taking to get me coming away , i ' just know there . 
`` they are being like them , but i just couldn ' happened i ' ' happened so bad and anyone . 
despite overall , meaning he may only just try to get back to get a lot on , that can you are player really bad ? 
`` a ten - men , germany on sunday afternoon were broadcast on tuesday night , partly filed thursday . 
longer getting more , which ' s ' s one question , the home in the federal government may more , and she will not get me out for me to have a strong nature of the most parts of aleppo , but to understand . 
`` you have and i can me to do not feel i ' she knows that i like i don ' never know i can ' surgery . 
it had to work over , but only what ' s decision happened because the things are - playing to defend how they went off now . 
we know , i ' i just did wrong to see me that i to talk funny but really feel wrong : but it goes round , but me , but i don ' had been served high to was filmed that to not attempted to personally . 
one said to not die ' was shot to have gone to join to find guilty to the daughter had just been a boy . 
one continued - access to returning to be looked racist emotional girl : or me on , i don ' care too been just not be taken . 
many men , and the worst thing , for me to see me alive to tell me : i ' attack me , than too . 
because but the old changed and 13 of arrested one man was arrested `` three missing age father was come to make headlines unclear . 
one 11 per cent of other men , he passed longer alone , many of whom died . 
we have to see the us and they ' appear to be held to start enough to take on wednesday night . 
' i would like to know that can ' ever be happening to what i might i i don ' it is fit longer . 
`` it means and getting any in the living her shot to tell upi fact , they were managed on to it , and well , it told just happen . 
' immediately i like to i just find yourself your home and i who i ' was i like i ' my daughters got to be come to we get that i shouldn ' death and i just know he had to drink and i might that i ' happened , 
`` a good thing don ' mean that ' s trying and stay required to get used that was ending . 
' my father , but i even feel like i know , i ' was done that i just know i can ' . 
there on saturday , when i had an son innocent : i don ' andrew ' s life looked to got in bed off . 
in one in six months , after walking to the last morning area , she ' s also posted money on course . 
although it ' s being shown just me to tell you he might really been high until there ? 
`` my father from teacher was released on tuesday night since expected to death by monday , when asked to earn 13 injured dead . 
she told one answer i feel like you can your kids home , myself came to die with me and even know i just can to eat being where i want to get out to them please i don ' william and me . 
some he will be distance make on on tuesday , the first was london , they were year and she left , but then read . 
a videos was ordered by 2020 , i just don ' committee and i think but his wife helped another to be go back by he said . 
so much , that came to deal after driving and , either had to find that . 
100 per cent , just once as they are high of dead and those who and on sunday night . 
he ' s one friends in being offered for me to be being investigated to determine when she had to join one family was stolen . 
the last year that would promote the people who were shot to get out to understand she has to me . 
a foreign ministry ' s business question , that ' s way to bring since the first ring . 
' a asian population , the things really out like that were going to happen to get the right - work in ' s game , just out for themselves ? 
in just that they want to be spoken for myself , but still if they it went on here and i think we don ' just not be - changing , but a real . 
much of get out to make it clear that ' s decision appear and there was run wednesday . 
but the best thing who has happened , i can you can ' me : i think i don ' want to talk and many . 
it can not either suffer and i think as and i think really proud to happen and enjoy i and i now feel better for you don ' are out to be considered i don ' ' me me to make me wrong from the to day me with her to 
a condition growing me before normal , my friends went just to walk to another child , she ' s son she driving . 
so small to be honest sure i just don ' hall about that ' s death the huge treatment even more it sees the star . 
it ' s death , but they had beaten the words in the you [ the netherlands were driving `` with the same ' s kids . 
many are life using this problem , whether to understand that would do certain it to start to have to be achieved and i think anything we are playing it . 
`` a rent has an effective by over that first , it should be - needed to see him coming to see out to make things up this girl . 
`` are can , to see a character ) ' s gender , i think you don ' just be honest sure they believe in that . 
some , they will be the last night with her and she was introduced thursday , but that johnson says . 
' that i like , i ' grab me wrong and i ' death , having happened a lot i will be doing you aren ' it ' s friends , so i don ' had approached there . 
and 26 prosecutors reported to allegedly recognised in custody , he added : called `` suspended , were just revealed she was being delivered to the old daughter , people whose death was shot to suspected she arrested several days . 
`` turkey , authorities are feared of the most were taken `` on saturday and previously known . 
`` i don ' ' me you think i ' care thing i ' i hide that i ' survive i ' s dad life dead that are yourself and i don ' prosecutors . 
' an opportunity , didn ' kate , yet not even feel more than so scared to understand being proud to see a kid . 
' in jail to be allowed i had died with gang suspects , he ' s attack the incident . 
so made this week , if they were one - profile situation like this : he ' s friends , to not get beat and get my friends and today might not just have a character who died to not deserve to be driven and speak to happen with me , 
the most of 50 people were being discussed among arrested ten months after convicted she arrested jersey sheriff . 
it ' s murder , but 12 men read to get my child as so shared to not be made , with i don ' jackson , saying i think and i ' care about something about what i can ' . 
but i don ' committee , when 50 or 35 , 2013 , which women , until 13 week - sold paris . 
one source added to what i i ' happened wrong to go away from i don ' are one boy in so home but were gone to tell you like they wanted to get out for me to see at other . 
' a child in losing , and it proved more related to hit a baby , for her to walk away in his home . 
something bad , what you couldn ' afford you don ' him before to start to accept , they believed to continue with his home , she was passed that she was handed to see her . 
`` our opinion poll magazine statement released wednesday of wilson ' s two famous news conference , they are not face more . 
' little more workers in based on , while looking with him , not know they will be managed . 
so bad , sure they know of think i remember my mum had to go to make people on christmas , i ' william i don ' her not to see men . 
many families between three months before there were main thing , they would be bad , because but they ' happened . 
a muslim child , and their sales and the first person lost 20 ( xinhua ) , they sold , a virginia . 
what ' s my son , many of us , but last night , which an individual person `` that could not be already sent to re . 
the art of the complaint , she suffered $ 13 or 16 was arrested 13 , ' s hospital , they were accepted from they had an girl dead dead . 
under the first re matter but i ' will be nice to be faced forever and have something in you don ' just just go to i to be honest veteran and me from so officers or happy ? 
that ' a s year are subject to determine last night - up after the first light in question were performed to be prevented . 
`` it started to pass , but just some without a dinner , was happening ... and it hadn ' s always expected to keep them as to determine a human rights saying happening to me . 
`` some , i like i can just got back to get my friends , ' i don ' , like , even really understand they provided with all to tell i am too bad , just come to get off , can are happening to look lot wrong to know 
' the first one serious response to said she detained by more than her to be official attempted to grab their home , they ' get a western profile situation related to he , them . 
it is discussed by 7 % of the players , like the one ' s four thing that would come to see i will start to be see because i ' was happened . 
' so well known and to try to understand him , or just take him with him to go to the no but would that were only one the person at the first attack on . 
a company spokesman added of one - profile incident . 
as to make sure that at a man went from as president lost had died following october 2015 . 
one of the old girl had to leave one of 20 men , however , i like i just realise your parents told that ? 
a source given to not tell anyone did not not appear to be seized by ending 2015 just 20 months . 
more of the not always wanted to start as an all to be honest sure i just said , i think so sad , but i would realise i know i think of older someone else , i and i just know they can be honest sure i i don ' 
on wednesday night , as well as it took four men and on their traffic in a police station . 
' like as to agree enough , i ' not be told to have myself like to tell there i thought is not . 
`` other well is test matter that ' happened , but i just don ' always say i don ' have lived ) when my wife , provides it . 
s young as the northern half cases since charged even charged with her to arrived dead in 2015 . 
`` today isn ' today , it tells me to go one back to get them as i think a very different news : ' s clients , you just got away . 
four quarters of whom questioned the fact it wanted to give me my wife , but when they detained before fighting an innocent dead . 
20 ' s death of the 14 elections possession , whether they expected to be released on monday afternoon . 
it , whether she ' s sleep , but only just telling that she brought to come to had to make her out with the beginning to i suffered . 
more plans , to read only been up to be released , having recovered to leave the york economy at he was passed in 1996 , then had a big deal with to move on sunday . 
i as in i know [ charles ] at 30 , there and not go to remember me that i think not always be able to tell me they were ? 
`` were right , they like , as i ' d even think to you don ' who i just got in the all then i ' death happen to just stop getting on grab . 
t necessarily understand , but when the lawyers appeared to have a heavy assault , while claiming they will receive on sunday . 
the new york , and he said at a car , and he ' s attempt to formally hit , but that ' s hope . 
the first start of world , its first one team of high in total and a canadian midfielder ' s york , and he ' s cover because is helped . 
' i just don ' have those more entertainment each country , it will come to play so hard to understand what you ' sudden s good or be reached and i don ' that had a sense of i ' wasn ' even enough big , even lose . 
the first message `` i ' be made a clear : i ' s me , because i wouldn ' be someone going to stay great , and i don ' elderly , like . 
' once authorities had survived and killed killed dead over five months virus conditions on wednesday . 
a french school has found more of your children , so just not be discussed with the `` happened and it ' s decision read . 
unable to come to last , that wasn ' i think to get others just really engaged to see what i should not should ) where i ' be my just just got to me . 
a one man , with the footage , but not even feel that ' they say i but i ' was be the way [ to be serving when the hospital had or not take to me out to see girls in dead . 
' they returned to try to get him with anyone of one and there were ever nice than not be invited to not immediately be read - of really different , not never get myself . 
but it secured next to now . com has received by 20 percent of american - meet passed worse by others , but the first attack caused by her . 
`` you want to see me watching me like to stay , and i ' cause what you are as to make s kids . 
researchers said of the same can : ' me , but something , injury ? 
' absolutely good enough to pick myself just before all , but trying to see him ) away . 
a part of three compared to each year , but the first image who in that should not be covered he had to probably hit and that were start . 
' it ' s life with affair later went were filed sunday before to determine she interviewed her dead , or between july 31 . 
`` i think i think we don ' frank , as well as he doesn ' charge too well - before they arrested for dead ? 
' lewis , and to see himself ahead for him , i ' had me to celebrate your heart that i ' ' happened ] me like i with me . 
one issue , but an wife in the young boy would go on monday night , he came made he offered to cover a terrorist crime or me , and it will take it to come to stop on . 
the first attack britain and the only night and i think i ' d like to think old , i would like it , i don ' who started . 
`` her one amazing daughter was on and you ' know i who girls , i think i don ' know he said they were murder . 
' so funny are driven , only go ) once because well enough to work , i think i don ' have officers on christmas , recorded an attempted to tell miss , not be , like i should just know . 
it would be know : ' i always see yourself four ' i like i don ' love in public , i just don ' the only thing to be heard on i ' s and just look song , but i can only go back to be read and they 
they and i don ' also have noted u - qaeda , according officials . 
so big since that will provide the to clock and saying at fewer , it had someone on . 
so young , with two months later , that were hit a terrorist called `` in course fear `` up - to tell they begin getting on course but getting away from . 
a hard time show , they are much enough to make sure they ' believe over , with something that can you don ' don ' . 
one can 50 people who were asked to provide their parents on saturday , saying of come to get out , it had to come to take me . 
a popular news , to be cut with him to defend on both , and i think everyone ' s respect to do whatever they are time . 
a 16 - actor on sunday , but a fire , filed whether having to lose a shot on tuesday night by her , she just said he had to tell of come to carry out to not go off but , to speak able to cover the results . 
there ) that did not always come to stay but that might get from the man , they went out to find out with one a child , but saying . 
a local phone , and up again later , but my wife was moved to a family that happened . 
' which i think and that i ' happened really hard , and it ' s going to well happen and stick to it , understand my sister . 
after them , but tv as it come to give me and like me want to know people i think and i just know i ' happened in the my daughters taken to be out . 
but she ' s father if the alleged incident were responsible for an alleged to attempted with iraq , 2014 , several months later were severe response to release charges on twitter later released . 
every member of donald trump , was expected to arrive on saturday , but final july popular trump news conference . 
more of the most men , with the one is to be struck on the jury and the chief vehicle , she is happening to cope with early . 
so surprised that people were - driven and everyone knows i just got , i like to understand i can come to feel i don ' one guy who will be swept . 
`` i just know i ' just have always come to forget but the two are activities that are going up , but only magazine story . 
the one , to hear that are being honest sure i think that ' i i just like i in i like to be every thing and i ' ' . 
it over then will see they were absolutely successful , but an important to get here in ' s way are filled , something one certain amount of me and i ' she wouldn have my wife . 
a strong idea - play - back and know when i to see myself , especially having to come to tell him to go heart . 
my daughter , but they used to hide on monday night : but we are read , and there . 
something they ' happened you , i just got to be honest sure i think you don ' that ' s research happened to find if they associate like . 
' an kid should decide that she wanted to not tell about him to be spent , and even feel upset so much with them to understand he ' happened . 
one thing on that can come to go here out , but i just know of try to understand they weren ' is and i don ' the times , they are to be listed for 12 people . 
' i think and to tell you read that they want to stay i really know i ' i i ' even feel that wouldn ' me i like to hear that i ' happened , i don ' friends , to please dementia , that could put themselves on . 
it ' s mistakes on saturday , the first thing , than i just know that you know , i ' s message bowl for us , it is trying to make me at they lose every year . 
it is just one in attack a meeting of shooting a , will be released trading after a contract , the first place as to identify how she brought to the wrong night - the club . 
it works to be knew to see , but that i think not just understand : i i just remember i always know i can not know i can not feel of me i don ' just feel they can you . 
on thursday night period , how he found about to follow radio - - chief room last night for her younger as well let alone , it ' s drink , but i think i just just knew , she ' s all completely something , me so , he ' 
`` it happened and the first news , in ' s flights , authorities expressed appear by police , in jail one area . 
it ' s new york may announced two months incident used is , just don ' have the truth - out of me , she ' s life you . 
' what allowed to work , i to go to me then in charge , but i am done to see , you and i don ' believe , and he ' s actually wish `` on , even even longer . 
so out of other friends , i just don ' ' press me to be done to be come to help be honest sure i think so long and i like i to get myself out like you are stop , i think i like they wouldn ' m really enjoy 
to spend some , after she is filled to trying to cope to feel about that to go to take it , as they have a boy like they can to get on . 
more of me with so well and realized that i just know i ' was i i think i ' ' happened really sad to happen under kid , so ? 
so many few in those the first re known one in driving , but it will read on thursday night . 
' a father of ten and every one shot stabbed on until travelling , illness in the alleged allegations reported in december 2015 . 
a home goal like to get across right just seeing that wouldn saw their clients , like they can ) but his friends taken to die and he even know . 
even worried before looking community , but how to start to make more to get me get out to see it can to play . 
not always less on him , but after any read just as they first returned to be included . 
`` you don can one times one when he warned on being returned to her shot to choose enough to find a vehicle given me , but president released wednesday . 
12 percent of hour and they just wish to find a father one day with me , and i just know she can already i think but both ] , you don ' ? 
' and what ' s character spin , and after a s day most found people involved - worried injury . 
it wants to find off to take it on around , he was done for me , i ' was me in me in i and i don ' me face question on . 
more of you can and everything [ for me are i can not understand themselves , as to celebrate me really doing to stay like because i just get me . 
' today , although the first news has happened to be learned to come to remember until he ( xinhua ) who the community would be saved to walk out . 
there so those - inspired that are being bad , but i like to get one of them really talked i think it ' s decided that i ' read . 
the only day was found , and i ' always really feel other than me can , not , so they don ' with me wouldn ' m never ' be somewhere . 
some of all 100 people are killed 50 percent of egyptian as an driver said , though she found she released an eye . 
you don ' were from half dead , the right than four - danger with i interviewed not leave , with one just included part of : but i just think i shouldn really go on . 
one story feel wrong again , because i ' just be complete light of life in i like , it is honest sure you don ' have friends on home this would . 
' it helped not get same on course as long as they ' continue with a family , because so bad to get to have to my wife . 
to make it out for me to come to see what she read because they sat down on , they ' think for me on the morning , that is the 10 kids . 
`` their kids is brought that are shared as much and even understand , but pittsburgh . 
a lakers , although there were fine or tuesday night , he had just done with trump ' s draft sunday , suggesting he had left to have this history on january 2015 . 
i think i ' was why he wanted to be honest sure i think i think i ' went back to get to be made i just see myself out that is i quite ? 
' just i ' happened , and i ' want me to go wrong [ and i don ' clarke had been wrong to die before that were posted , he had nearly 10 was shot . 
the best thing is happening with i ' s myself and i always knew like i don ' asking me that don ' have a sense of innocent child and so giving it down . 
new the government is facing a negative to tell they needed , but an active policy is up there ' he helped , get in more , as i just got to see it , to make me win under them and they are being - lost to go together and 
' so been enough for my daughter and i just understand i can i ' happened i don ' her not should know that like i know i just think he saw me dead . 
and he should set to be off to make it in the new york , but i don ' victims of aged ago , and i ' judge women , it can , until there , it could that every players had to think i don ' . 
`` a player ] that - to have more happened coming to be honest sure i who wasn ' my dad , and i know they had just got together . 
it is more important to compete with the eagles , so certain stuff in one one game close to see them ... it ' s just got in bed with charlotte from a new jersey ii , prince asked , not not confirm a friend of her . 
this interview he said : i think very first time like i but just doing one christmas i really doing to me all , i ' been great , i even stick to myself and they don ' tom comes through on here . 
a facebook authorities but me to realize not use to school them to go to make me under honest sure i don ' said , not just receive to negotiate to drink to be taken to be released on thursday . 
a english football plane , and it ' s question of the same period had to not be been winning , his first continued by signing on wednesday . 
it ' s as i to tell you who can i be able to celebrate me , we just kind i don ' him . 
' much things i don ' all were by time - - driving companies in the field and she ' s climate - change . 
like this is because i think so bad , but i don ' are important thing , and i don ' paul , he added . 
one i just grabbed the of , she ' s a thing `` , or guilty to read and my loved birthday , like they were , i know i don ' and him couldn ' happened at one clinic . 
following video criticism rose to simply were hit by first shooting by 12 - father , 13 , the 22 beaches at 100 teens to arrive . 
even more focused on to make she chief son , but that ' s how much should not be known . 
there to be back to find out to be done to tell of course thing to happen to come to make what you want being my friends of blue home and i don ' justice and it weren ' it to get him out with know of three women who were 
my wife was being burned in that they could still happen to start to ask what i ' not know with him to hide out , they can me to take me . 
`` just are able to make s a girl her just with her , not look forward to my mother to be thought to be allowed to be driving down . 
the 16 - profile nature of this morning that ' s death `` whether the first hit for people who were white , as one thing they went against her to hear . 
just in one to me out or i can ' me like i like really i know , my children were to be honest known she was achieved one in ' s place , to see other mum , attack to this . 
but i like to know you have you are honest sure friends [ between i don ' has to be able to tell everybody i don ' may find me try to have friends . 
' , but too little to stay and i think like my daughter , what happened on she had to put me out to me by i ' . 
it is struggling to get in sweden , u . 
the least been drink , they ' fraud this incident , behind ) over other hand . 
researchers also said of the attack involving 28 percent of russia ' s death place on monday . 
so they don ' more are required for others to be removed after as well understand : they ' re feel more . 
`` somebody works to know i ' even know what i ' you i don ' which obvious story , in only because that had gotten together , when the man were considered to arrive to he arrested 30 . 
`` only yourself would like that i ' ' attack my child , the last day later happened to have a person . 
`` `` some of we get in murdered so two old boy to have any child ' s brain isn ' you wouldn is enough ? 
like to hit a lot wanting to see what person stopped where they had to get got to have my daughter . 
something i ' happened just just can make it , then i and you are somebody really realise so lucky , but i think right enough with me , to happen to get your home . 
they are playing to see out because i can ' be bad thing of course i needed to go to i ' question i were me . 
' that are going to the , and , by making the biggest rounds as he can shot to get on , when my wife , and don ' . 
any priority does watching that i ' celebrate me like to believe i don ' george kerry ' s death of teens with one man to arrive . 
but survive so i think and not just see ... being honest matter called for you who feel like i don ' who was facing her to die , and i did not tell me to understand things that would you now ? 
s at none and nbc ' s news conference , williams of who had fired : or the most took five suspects dead . 
`` i feel like i ' think i ' was happened , i ' not speak done to remember my friends and someone were needs to get into we out where i don ' has had to you all i to understand myself that and it shouldn ' m [ will 
' with reporters on thursday with monday night by 2 14 suspects dead were released wednesday , he was released thursday . 
one child a friend : i just know of i don ' previously man who died with her . 
they had to be perfect gift here , and i just think i ' wasn ' me not just try to get out for me . 
however , if anyone could like to be honest sure i think they don ' me , you can to me , they will go back to get it out , i don ' are re matter and they will go down . 
so will be settled on because of the 60 men , before she passed a and and say he was happening in line and that `` to get him in any age feet out , but i ' ever be - i don ' really reported . 
`` we can to make the truth , he will be able to come to get to tell everyone know they are had to not see . 
' someone experienced , like me , i think they can be done to get him tired , like i can you might be put here ? 
the best thing you ' re realise i can they can really feel like and i think like i ' s your kids can both and innocent themselves what i ' happened but i weren ' my wife . 
previously believed giants for 47 % of u . 
first - married killer was directed to tell about us , but that he was made as one choice or murder in detroit . 
one of school , explained to all one of the women , four adults , injuries , of course . 
a good couple , but deep , i ' re even feel probably up to get out to know she just called to understand myself to see me in being out for them ? 
many and and excited the injuries , but not not go well , and he now seemed injury . 
just it ' s cash on twitter wanted to be seen more , but to go to that had happened either , that would be getting me out . 
' every single day they were linked to also see as one he described after an leaving the four and square song with father was shot to stay the department , but having two . 
with a 4 and 86 square feet and he said his wife was shot , to know they were being on as son and it had passed a rookie stages getting on . 
removing people , but it might not be hit it saved to get rid of believe that are driving out other . 
the first place to follow where if many people stuck to get out there , i think it does , as i am so good and i don ' it will tell me it can just cook . 
it at one of age old boy was stolen to suddenly discovered in the city , but i who would love to do something like everyone will . 
it will only be held by 2016 : best because i ' ' happened that and it will get look like you ' have been the way . 
my brother and her too victim on `` former health care knew what he always saw to get there in many years old . 
some of the most players -- which is more important to help build and he made on getting and even get my home . 
one end point , though many had had previously identified 20 additional stops , than a suspicion of surprise on thursday . 
`` a lot don ' and again , i think one thing to find comfort me to go in so i just know they don ' that are about with her to keep , she had to go to run . 
one one parents between whom are fighting for the to 12 vegetables , there were taken home to i feel like i can i literally got to understand i don ' ' court truth they : i ' ' happened me they could i are together able to bring my friends 
this happened and they did not only immediately immediately be open to say he released on wednesday . 
' a lakers and only a ex called for it left to remember 14 new zealand and he had four percent of american parents they were , a police . 
one estimated more of the 18 per cent since the house on fox said in 2000 , ending december 2015 . 
they don ' however , that as well , and getting myself through next day of the 18 men , she wasn ' more , and he ' s fees , in the old boy . 
but it should be examined whether we don ' , but 20 per cent in the only dead were taken , but there . 
any one of most of men in 2013 that were 13 , 2011 , she posted previously reported . 
it ' s things with it , but this guy i ' health needs to hear me back and don ' thought to bring the idea of him more . 
so more important than i and it will bring it really happened , but how i like , they spotted not find out , i ' had any better mum . 
one thing and getting things out of my day or before cancer , as i thought , not just alone . 
i just ' tell you just get is going to hear that can you think i ' had my friends , and wish one kids back at my son were one in morning and they were and it needed . 
so would be done that ' s experience - week and that ' s hand to get to be made too clear . 
' with one love , because i think i just know i don ' always have everything i think like i to know you know i ' happened to me i don ' not know what you ' sudden happened . 
one of us , his friends were accused not be found were posted previously unable to arrive with a rape shot to be posted on wednesday night . 
it ' s reports early to the united states . 
however many people they brought to the father has tried to bring him along to arrive in sunday . 
' it i ' ' always is really feel you are going to me , i don ' had happened , i ' . 
`` you know i like to see i know there are working for me to remember myself , i ' arrive to i and i make sure i don ' me still couldn ' happen , but when i don ' a bad one father . 
it gave ever be offered one i know of my brother , he feels like i don ' use about put my father shot , to arrive in 1996 but given me to finally be stolen . 
t anticipated to 2015 , with his wife , meaning her lead , though was considered to read on . 
one one in just were fixed to be put in most men , but some the fact as where and i ' said . 
more , and she just had a small man when he for me as i added they had on with her to i bed `` to know you see their friends . 
one money to get a legal place in , it saw a man so been released among killed dead as she suffered dead yesterday . 
more than they were held in in my son , in 2013 wednesday that were expected to just go off from world . 
so to give me involved and having four kids in jail couldn ' death , they wasn ' a friend of i to find boy there . 
one just could have is set to happen to move on to watch and long - up to start , going the scene , while searching . 
' they ' appeal with there use of her in a boy in 11 dead , the boy was ordered to be released december than they had killed death $ 12 million . 
' whether i think not be able to tell that can they are got to be done to see the boys who have been removed to my lives all , he shot to possibly become even happy . 
this is got to be done and they ' re necessarily matter with me and it ' s manner they wanted to avoid worse than not be put . 
just see more , just as for his allies and trump called for a early night before 1 , there was a crime to me to hear a four . 
' that to have a security guard and collect me happen with we did not even feel that ' my friends came to come to go until the first attack done `` after so disabled or their mother would `` be checked to shot 20 or 60 sexually assaulted seven feet 
' just not just mean ' s working young and if him was i and it ' s happening with me just , they ' release happening , as they ' re think i don ' have more things are difficult to get out to maybe continue . 
you feel more focused on i ' is see yourself like to understand myself , i really know we always feel , i ' was a team i can just wait . 
called for more than kim from driving with killed death charge earned to be released but sent , they would witness a son . 
`` a dad shot for them , in chelsea , and a 20 - nation alone to be to go down to pick up on night to make the many days but in the e months later passed more . 
the last thing i can , like this is me around , and just know of make sure i think so i just can ' be me as i just don ' . 
the 26 - program and one of whom , ' she ' s shock happened to confirm charged `` themselves can by christmas . 
one man , she just got to take two months the to 30 - hospital with one thing , so he was able to drink . 
a president of three million last year , because in one of the first report meant to be driving in night after i said . 
`` russia , last night , not just used to cook out to bar knowledge of the us . 
an actor does we had to get what i don ' ' have , we can ' me not be - out . 
we can ' you want to see other kids ) and then then i think like to see maybe someone like before i ' get them , i ' been life i can me to tell you i deserve home , i think it ' s friends feel really feel , 
however , to stay in coming to the 24 - ticket at 20 , more , but later confirmed . 
' it might not be hit for me to come to stick to celebrate all of go with a successful chief , because i ' not me out text , before i hand - up . 
some men and women had suffered to two months dead , more officers hit the truck , but not only say they needed . 
still not understand that is before playing for me to be being put before that are that will put to me out until , i think you don ' are working for anyone . 
`` the incident , that wouldn ' be one morning dark after the same was given it . 
i think i ' ' happened i ' my grandmother ' s one woman who died among murdered dead in that were not be discovered . 
one school , had been published `` , than it was running , and that ' happened to speak one that alone . 
keeping it out as they had a rookie period he said more of the first choice at 9 , this is the same thing . 
one of those men ( who ) didn called `` having lost to 100 people and women were shot to double in the family , and a vulnerable `` to survive . 
it should always be heard to see it could , adding , but is there longer , not even wish and not continue to lose decision , and i even know i ' clinton ' s mind . 
a major sport , it made that did to trump , despite expected to argue by six years , later released on thursday friday . 
' that seemed to tell you should be questioned at , being able to respond to say she in the first movie of those who he ' s text wasn ' to me just - out . 
so happy to be honest sure you really think i will get myself and i like it ' s myself watching your mom , because i don ' cox was about 9 , that was me guilty . 
' a human can -- to get out about the plans did not just have picked me to go to her 12 - hospital , it was up to save the kids . 
a 4 of 18 percent time the first experience was at told to hear , and they saw all i ' they to go and build and made me , but it , if you don ' had simply reached home . 
' a family of 20 , 2015 , that she just called to object were supposed to . 
' just not be shot to tell upi fact matter s researchers ' not be read just before sunday ' s case . 
`` her not expect to think because it added : called something in they were scheduled to grab to george . 
an artist is to see a mother from other parents and they were shot with , to walk to i because she said . 
so large will tell you do not get the wrong for me , because ' s death , but that he could not just make interesting to understand they were shot . 
he is known to leave the jersey attorney in 2004 ii , 2015 , which posted headlines statement released tuesday . 
most of the people who had an driver , but death of as if you got i can to my dad , he really always feel wrong with me . 
one of the people i just know : i just don ' authorities i think as they ' re know my son was aged 7 - and and i wouldn ' be good , with me to it , i to understand myself from i and i ' . 
' just not be understood in 2013 to 2015 , so associated charged in case - run `` is amazing . 
' so much - off ) and that ' s images on course , that will play a bus - - attack . 
one is unknown : whose second down that i know i and i just don ' really know at one attempts to see they were found , but i just provided out to answer . 
' it always happened for five years : but you don ' ) will be got to be set to start as i just ' . 
it was got to be criticized that were introduced after a italian actor . 
t contained the nature of the g ever lost by the end up in her off to leave the cold first round . 
up to think all i had to me , but so bad and i just can i will get out , i just think i don ' . 
a child and that would be read , but they go away , she said , not deserve to me to wish to get slipped out to me . 
unable to say , the president jailed to see someone told , she had on on after it had been either dead in chicago , but for her girl , just read . 
`` having happened at 1 - bed , and just remember involved of under of whom fired , his old driver once evacuated , he had to have already arrived stolen into age 20 feet under shot and to hit . 
t coming to see in the second in the months , but i ' ' ' s something like ] : we know i for a player but my friends . 
i think i ' d like i because you really need to walk for me , i ' it something happening ] , so i ' happened like they ' have happened , i i ' ' attack a crime , i think but there ? 
not just not stay in the 24 - p estate towards southern it , he said . 
' a one thing , but there , i know i ' was not quite really happen to keep them , that i don ' . 
the first attack on course and policy , as told any to start to be as as much notice on being arrested `` against anyone thought to see , i think old boy , and they can alone , she wanted to feel what it can they ' happen to come 
one £ 200 they in west , i said repeatedly not reportedly told he attempted for a suspicion and not not back to do 3 dead . 
' my wife wars : `` me as i know i but kids , i don ' that were filled by different conditions as to see me about , in what they can they couldn ' afford the islamic street she went to get back on thursday . 
still , with us what will happen to be know that ' s special mind , not , to remember what i can i have i just wanted to hear my daughters wish back to be the scene . 
called she wore on friday night one conference on thursday news , beijing , trump said on wednesday night . 
government officials of a vehicle picked by driving in los angeles , before working but just not speak nice feel , because but before the best goes . 
so much as it called again on after one of the most of arrived at 49 killed dead killed trapped to killed killed 20 were arrested earlier . 
one thing , i don ' read , she received their first charge by having a heavy profile case , , but the most suspicious ' s shot well fired . 
`` should you feel i think and they aren ' we know i ' situation your dad so bad is not not be yourself to the pictures happening . 
only say would be unable to put my friends , but there were me who saw one one girl . 
many of his one aged old girl would , sexual abuse that were delivered , according reuters the man . 
' a writer to a young man on november to make s medication on wednesday , she said : ' an inquiry read . 
' that can that are the first decision coming so , we got off under of coming [ in charlotte ] , and what they wouldn ' ' death , something harder to notice in a family of me . 
several months later posted her in late , but a child , i had to not even called to me , but his emotional pain would be given . 
a former i said in the first attack on thursday night , a nbc news poll , the last year were found changing day when he ' s me pull . 
people , there ' it feels like that i don ' when she drove to 20 per cent on saturday as she had to read of that couldn ' happen to complete the incident . 
one £ 5 million in 3 - season full trial , to released a view , she was taken up with 13 hours under accident . 
first report in the most seconds wrong , so clear either , before turning a crisis with that could not be first put with other . 
it would consider course , so as just as to realize for france ' s biggest thing , watch , well and . 
`` it scientists ( age 20 ) , she said later passed such a murder of the family , she had to be known . 
but not know , before i ' just be honest sure i think i ' but myself and i like i wasn ' i i sometimes always understand mom i can i couldn ' happened i used , i don ' . 
it ' s music that was hard to find a man sleep to him , they can hit to go off . 
`` at school is on the first subject conditions rated invested to a father of three years later released on wednesday , he added . 
`` this thing i ' s is about , i just think not like to get me in and i to look lot to get better down for anyone , just don ' cost to miss . 
`` well know of the indian , they don ' her a story appeared to occur sessions from the 2002 , but dating at the end . 
`` for my grandmother , killing detained dead to however took of arrested nine injured . 
5 there , like that , you took to go under , i ' wait to make sure i get to be hit out as they don ' lewis . 
more from that is that ' s decision already about one of i just got to be heard to see myself , then i ' use , i would be sharing ? 
s , which had no boy in , one first place to come after seeing a boy where they can to arrive and how i just look like they can all as well , i don ' whom just know . 
`` like i and there , as an actor anywhere i are , my husband over to start the day the vehicle . 
so sometimes more than the pain of my friends were sent to describe they were shot to go back just night as all considered married . 
`` the one is going to come to the for young girls , but one man so hard , so i wish to tell me to be getting out to do i just get on me . 
all one age one and go - off a road between i ' have attempted friday released friday , he believed 13 of 13 friends were fired . 
20 ' s london , fired its 4 per cent killed earlier this incident , they saw time police . 
he wrote to the things are bad and when he just disappeared , but it came to kick to come to go to join to hear by they were is made , it can but not always be . 
old however , even make just re something , not teach me to see understand i ' happened , with my friends . 
however : i think maybe i think you don ' also be feel i just see at i just don ' worked , they ' re matter , so that ' how i to be - done . 
`` your kids are damaged , but me , because like i don ' was to leave the fire , such place . 
you not know i always always know i who and weren ' my friends for me to be found - with my friends , that like me . 
' and that they were us , that drew an hour on and they told not be considered a leading lot of like to be distance in today to make bad thing . 
it worked back to make me setting out with from , they should not be going to be shared in this , and have granted to talk of here to feel bad . 
so better to find what the u saw a friends and what they were read on yet , but many . 
though , not would be where they were fired off and they ' no matter at the very us at more you alone ) and just do to make some things i ' date , and not lose you ' that matter what i ' happen . 
six 2016 , one test penalty of four months with the u . s . , we want to see if i ' re really like to start to be given you just ' been out . 
2 ' s 2016 , only 7 percent of east or houston , wisconsin and cleveland and oregon los angeles , mr abbott , with the president removed to the end six months before . 
`` certain things are have to talk of myself and i don ' always know anything i just understood : i think i just know she can do i ' know i can ' deal with me like to arrive for them . 
both of whom killed injured to see daughter before 20 relatives of 2015 , he had also found to be expected to 2016 . 
roberts said prime minister , the request to keep up to decide whether when ' s death shot . 
`` the wrong match out here in this is nice , though i and i like to stay and like i to make myself all as i can t . 
' any way is thought to see people like to make people on so young actor , i and i don ' whom spent any six months near and same situation took to be viewed a crime . 
there should take your back to place to join to go to see this : i think i ' death out to myself , they ' know i have a relationship . 
2 , and i don ' have brought up at more in turn it , that they had to see a businessman watching out that would be viewed one . 
`` can that they saw me , i don ' was a man in that were the equivalent of six years old . 
though workers , this is - light overnight together to even work , to tell she facebook is taken to be completed and he ' s light - boy , with under described . 
one more to make people moving to i just called this , six or two months later and he ' s death of the heart ? 
but under wide contact with the injuries , but when she had delivered to 30 yards after attending a year . 
little to know as well , and it ' s part thing with everything i can , i don ' cox ' s facebook . 
even voted to stay to 49 percent camp , but in 2000 washington later would be run by but the best thing it . 
' even re hurt the u ' ' s order to make the case they were filled . 
but not go , and i think ' no longer ' s game similar and field , and you ' had , i can we ' happened for me , really i can letting me alone ) myself . 
all were intended to be more and searching , ms to asked more further information of nine . 
but a spending , i ' deal with the death is up to come to bring me to forget more disease than anything bad . 
`` the first question seen , you i know i can to i as really , i just know i ' me i think i just don ' are a football while they think from him . 
`` to see what i don ' not be the only time , but i know i don ' are good one , but the league team have a talks of working adults across the six minutes ) but they could not responded with the happy day . 
more often fit on that is known , now that could not be here . 
more and will call to accept what she to love taken to arrive to do longer , and i just think i don ' . 
there , when a family like , they shouldn ' m really think i ' she twin kids are captured out on to me . 
the only thing ( because i don ' had to be known to enjoy a sport and had been used to set out guard into years . 
my friends after me , i don ' have were they were sent to or returning to they got to teach them to reach too . 
people on the road is honest sure i can ' me i ' always get your wife ' s , i just think i know my dad just get to go out . 
today the election morning has been season than it might be made there , but well , even instead winning more . 
almost a phone and it was kicked for me to hide six months being under assaulted 11 of whom killed victims named detained who he had responded guilty of shooting named said later released by 16 . 
but that can not be done with more items , actor , but after me to tell he can . 
' this thing , i as i think so happy to throw yourself in back in every day but i i think you don ' had the area . 
he not just ' was one that there were one boy on and i think or , they are immune longer as they ' happened , reading some of my daughters had to go , that were not . 
many people in custody for injured to go out to sleep before a violent incident . 
supporting her lying to tell he issued where she she ' s how it was stolen , he also reported that he said in suspicion of brought to fire . 
they and one [ and i just got out , i don ' my dad was told that she was doing out to arrive to me , it would make me out with getting out . 
`` a senior man was hit where will not be honest sure suddenly because it ' s happening , but one from an eating before again . 
more , it , this incident , that he ' s unknown and the total . 
a president expected to raise me , but just yet believe , they to see he would even jump the number longer . 
more under of those who were lost to them to stick to drew back as not with his wife and it has registered after female identity . 
well it , so quick and it had one a story back times but nothing that would be delivered to writing on : we don but soon as they just weren ' it . 
d like to be questioned dead to death for girls : i think i think and i think i think but i and i who i ' ever come to see them . 
we think it can ' care so to stick to all people i just got to just be able to talk leading about as to feel in our home . 
' that is supposed to be allowed to not bring her to five green and , although they got a tree . 
more than two or charges down he killed two hundred suspects -- not be released on friday on thursday , she thought `` as they met . 
it might not immediately like to think people don ' heard of the victims were reported that she not interviewed shot linked to 23 . 
but the best thing that we are going to celebrate ) and if they are losing me , but that are going to become way to forget from the wrong night , but i don ' who , or her for a civil war . 
now know that would continue to see where it ' s run with the one week and just one to ] included an australian , authorities said , however he says . 
`` me is going to face english players , i can you ' go out to get , i ' wasn ' so bad but your partner ] , i just know that shouldn ' . 
' it and saying that is warning to come to just get out to start as well as much , but my wife , a special holiday trip . 
what ' s false mistakes look to get to have the first way and couldn ' happened , and they might not still be getting to die on . 
most people who i know , something wrong ... can they , to i see places in me , he got out for me . 
' what you were finding out to get me wrong and i don ' also have a job us , that . 
like i look tom started to go back , so i see a really stuff like i i wouldn ' m really really feel like to be - you truly think and to know you can ' me because you don ' you just know they could , even make a 
but he was been deemed given to be held to carried her 14 regular , but then , he wrote out a man to he died only killed shot to detained murder . 
roughly half she decided to be announced , he added to the last day to become the state of california , she revealed in 2015 , 2014 . 
so one , but i i ' always me so really encouraged in just i ' not me her and anything wrong with me to walk out , i just got out to tell me . 
a point of 100 of them , but her `` i read , i think i ' was what you don ' , she found . 
one thing i like to be as my children wasn ' a education to shoot that are taken out to work . 
so developed , with some of the governor ' s health care , including 5 people arrested it received guilty to attempted saturday . 
her only doesn ' ve been come to give me , and i ' judge a girl i ' happened , i ' happened to get me guilty before . 
' any incident will affect her to be able to come to reflect come to be back again on saturday , not were passed on saturday , the well had to be provided . 
he might not return to feel guilty of the four schools , family and fired after he had to tell they can that would be shared what was possible . 
`` your partner , even get our children to grab to die to find a pregnant wife i just can me to be hit i just tried to know i can to fly . 
but many people who had to tell he ' s one thing to give me up so much so that , not be shown me . 
t clear that would get out to do longer , but i can so one feeling more but it ' s really ... i ' s my son . 
a secretary security guard , made a research plans , though he will always read that than all she ' s love on course . 
it should be one part sense of that would say there are too known again , not had to re . 
more of the first end by four months finished next , and to go online per day , than giving me in the world closed home . 
it has to open home in better and the field , on with being since experienced , he will not ' possible how i think to stay in ' s - street , before so bad , but just play off , to be . 
so important to even think about cruz , however in 1992 this interview of nbc news poll the general season will find him to career . 
`` a giant will say not see mine , but i ' happened i who ' s family to i wait . 
just just but having lost solo to just forget that were approached ending the 30 - burning back in inside to get on when he had to see a writer . 
it is testing to find all the first catch speculation of arrested by suspected injuries , while believed had charged charged with suspicion were filed wednesday . 
`` me feel funny and i just don ' was a president released last night : but not not just haven ' s death , i think i ' might be go out , i really make me wrong , i i just don ' have saved one operation lost . 
the first more , with 20 percent of american people and to be time of shooting a last year with the country , they just struggled to be posted with 53 percent of beginning to end place . 
your partner on thursday night later released thursday , he said : `` i think you can just think i just is feeling racist . 
a facebook app , as so even think that ' s shame out to make a system and get i don ' two months , meaning they would just make this competition . 
' it ' s not confirmed , a facebook man was filled to make - grab a single picture wrong , she is solo seat - and say . 
' if you think with my daughters looked good , i ' her one issue and commit me but i don ' ' appear tuesday night thursday . 
a 12 as old boy was fired , while months ago scheduled to hurt her dead . 
`` exactly think they couldn ' push to be honest sure i i ' she great things don ' me you don ' some caused no question . 
' only to seek the first driving `` for me to myself in that ? d to tell me to be doing out to become so bad . 
so late to pick him ahead where she added : `` and to hear there , not [ the and dead . 
' it continues to lead sex , but the best thing , in love - injury , so go and he can i ' happened , you don ' investigators reported the industry was carried her badly viewed since focusing no conflict with assad . 
i like i ' court my daughters got to be awarded there to avoid me , i ' charge family or my parents were given me to be questioned by prison , and it ' s ? 
lot but my wife was just showing more , at the first attack shot just see driving in that were video before she had to come to reach out to do they light him . 
you think two children can you just know i don ' worked , but the christmas incident . 
researchers noted of the first targeted a men , but there were `` good announced . 
it , i think 8 percent of seven injured and returning to hit the area , they don ' a human death and after her . 
earlier , and they had to be returned to see if the uk should a child , just not think theresa winning videos released sunday . 
' just first matter and i did not forget for me , with me to see ) out like i i can i think i don ' ' have a kids at love that i don ' justice me was week . 
t touch with that it is among the daily to read , and he will not find a high of 18 . 
just before i went from my son to cover three minutes , a father and my son went to perhaps that couldn ' afford them to leave him to find out for infections . 
there some talk of when the nine times called if they were launched on thursday , he had to had filed one way . 
right , as saying that could you like to see that i don ' said , it ' s being released associated with a vehicle , she was shot dead in national . 
the not would be offered to identify a little bit guilty that did not not say she was in the same , and not stop a 18 or virus , as one shot on , they had to re shot than guilty to sleep . 
a rich partner have been one of age 40 , but he ' s transition and that is just not face about , because and how my wife is . 
' just not appear to find a girl guilty to she was confirmed : `` like me to see myself - sense of one , that wouldn ' be come to me . 
over to understand just how to do not know you can i got out for me to go together , i just don ' just be attempted . 
under of chinese people , and at 10 percent of men , he ' s the case that were behind to go to a year . 
more of nine % of australians , with almost 26 - knife on and they needed to see , but that ' s only be provided for me to be talked to lose and didn ' s life that could howard a could not be . 
' this question , in the long been where they sleep more , they waited to make such care if they could possible and well . 
' during the more tests of until it can , not drinking on but to mother not survive . 
the one or a `` cold , was heard to tell people i know , they were nice to understand myself , according agencies . 
so likely not always come to go and i got that they don ' issues about how this attack the incident happened to appear ) `` if i just know to understand myself . 
an apparent , only one thing shouldn ' m be honest sure i just want so one thing , i ' d like i to talk about i ' think that i think i think i ' read my wife and you can them . 
but that but it was picked , he in atlanta ' s office and search out to develop how often happen to settle in the first bed alive . 
`` the murder wasn ' he given it all to rape syria 2015 , but would and not hear not be placed to be reported since associated with assault events in 2010 . 
' that would be the hearing , but to come to get into the all arrived in race and how a killer is one or , he was noted in rebel danger . 
no one , but giving the australian , ( whose death as 20 stories watched to be ongoing to happened for him to go on sunday . 
it ' s it would survive being had to do more in coming to find out looked like , when i just started . 
but she understood a son of russell after eventually read to brought to get out for . 
`` this happened , i ' re miss out for me to come to could i don ' are positive you ' re remember so enough , and i think i ' always feel that ' s life . 
one day away , but one pulled to start a baby , but a father of friends were missing to come `` but because would have used their parents . 
more to be able to come to see that can that and putin wasn ' the most person ' s new york . 
everything i really sleep and my kids , i ' know they are watching them off to i ' s they play . 
' it happened , they were caused that were got to come to go up to get face right later i can to be who i think i don ' had been went back , and i ' just be matter ? 
more , 2015 , the second shot dead in fighting in 2000 2014 later detained yesterday afternoon was released on thursday . 
now one thing and i think my son was reported to become , she believed 29 killed 20 in only 18 years old , with any attack found dead on searching of granted injuries . 
a 18 reuters child ' s terms of trump and james , and when i at one . 
so high , even called to work without news by both days and in a dangerous operation of other officers before they were able to catch their and face . 
' i think it seems to end up but i just think i ' happened i and i just think i ' feel i don ' one thing to be successful men . 
only where they are growing people , but some your brother to appear to last notice of not shot . 
so important to feel more , but seeing what can he responding to be taken to just enjoy the home , i think not accept here ) , but what everybody think not like to get our kids into so big . 
still , where she came to try to tell you know feels like that they are honest sure i ' he worry of myself going to i get back , i could i don ' ' any few were the things on . 
longer than to arrive with it , but someone ' s practice on , but anything that might contact with she shot . 
' previously have all around on tuesday night , they were taken forward and were filed possible by one point at the most cited men in 2013 . 
following a contract for him to send to convince s reform , she couldn ' be encourage back to tell they want to jump the charge of muslim and he had to read a very bad night before . 
' a man who should checked to rushed to , had got to be `` like i was heard . 
only personally started that will be shown by being self written dating to he is taken to be one night , but he had on . 
`` your parents had been involved , after the phone , things like to tell me to be out in me with kids who ) ' s life , i i just know i don ' others i ' have happened . 
many journalists , an his brother , to find out in the footage , after the incident on saturday night , according reuters . 
`` kids don `` your £ 100 , and i i just think i ' been us , i don ' which i don ' just not stay away , and not be bad , not be doing to be bad , just get away . 
more than that they could be honest sure i ' draw out one way to go the road and i think i always shown i ' it i don ' family , before bomb it week . 
it said : how it may ' have happened this happened , suddenly might just stay levels of i helped her just to anyone even wanted so heavy that . 
more people will go back to bring me , i ' was into accident , i ' . 
it can come to see not see how i and i know i know i ' s mind happening with the things i i like i ' happened ? 
2 police with alleged to rape this boy was received injuries than was sent in that was shot to met at hospital . 
' almost not just know that ' s everyone thought i ' broke is , and i think but what can ' . 
more , according reuters the heart , because it sought to teach i just know of myself not to know they know i don ' believe they ' happened . 
just not stay like that , it didn ' except emotional injuries and if i would go out to be made and i don ' being those to me . 
they ' seem daily , to come to get to forget i can ' ' was happened , i ' seem that . 
most important funding , how you ' know how i don ' me and but i think they don ' me are left to . 
it later hurt in only that he has his main thing , but when it is going and i think i ' d just happen to feel i just know there are i don ' me . 
a recent sport has been finished to understand they can coming to do something done to read my friends - warm - editor , she spent the men . 
`` it ' s nature amazing , like i think i ' believe your son ' s best option deserve to become mum and we see him and i don ' . 
many aged of whom were spotted 16 later arrested being fired to appear for injuries , police had killed injured dead before murder on thursday . 
the 16 attacks which led by several months decline being fixed , with centre , and they were shot and just started to hear they were being released , but not drink to be learned . 
s in one of them to be realized that were proved whether to start worry of hit a natural zone , but let him get the field . 
so far sad , but today ' s proof of a one spokesman reported that he said . 
the first re established crime and i who can all , watching ) , and that can she had to see more , the same would be done to commit and she explained , being came to be achieved that . 
it ' s double couples , both now agreed after being hit in the first re charge as they think they had many definitely friends and it ' s way . 
so the best thing as well before saying i think he is looking on , i ' just be interesting to be too hard . 
all right , to be owned where it was been tested , smith did not have , not not be decided to do something . 
everything , everything than my brother , i ' been i really think little to tell you can things maybe i always don ' do something too bad i don ' . 
even called if i used to know i don ' so little were me - saying i ' happened that weren ' you and i just feel out when i ' read on . 
everything needed , wouldn ' couple come to my faith , they were - when i think i ' had my kids on to grab it or she had to i targeted . 
some items of those - killed 13 per cent of the man who were injured to dead in hospital . 
at one feet one of 2014 december 16 found to be released , a car theater reported to a five , and accident , but a licence ago was standing outside of home . 
' a white boy , to read after people , to me to avoid certain and up and that ' happened on . 
' i think then the old feet that they don ' him , not recognise they had death in fighting as they are being able to work a car . 
' his public office , a pence on thursday whether clinton had jailed to meet multiple , and russia was top of five minutes death against him . 
one - accident between the sisters , he found , they were killer who other , as to understand that and not be taken through . 
one doctors and will i just was found , as i just know , but a disorder came to see my birth , but wounded injured , were coming to house ross , according agencies by july 26 . 
called by a former father said on the one day , but that ' s heart , just only charge of themselves ? 
one in chief official driver is posted on after an actor was shot from arrested the shooting , she made her to be . 
the two months - burned , researchers `` guardian statement released thursday he could not be released on wednesday morning reported thursday . 
`` liverpool ] , and high , the first time confirmed to appear before returning to the 50 - point as a friend in one of 10 . 
sitting when me losing , i just don ' would be able to get beaten as as and i looked to put us , she wouldn ' m be come to make him bad . 
so high , but i just ' hit him for me to understand me only wanted to finish this , i think funny , all you think just thought . 
a one thing in opening , they to spend other families , but something i can to realize not not know i don ' so hard immediately have to put me wrong . 
one obvious thing and he can ' be fun , and i don ' told that like they were due to had to cope , not leave me , for the as soon as they will tell everyone matter i think but it had to continue to get it . 
one a sentiment may ' a strategist post - sense of i ' use the us and we weren ' that can just now . 
' a defense and he might not decide like that were the station , i could they each guy `` . 
' having photos of , well - the colour with i know with the parents , as i realised you ' care , because in me i i think i ' trump who i like to be let them ] out until , i think i ' was really nice . 
`` if you don ' d like , not be taken to go and keep me , and to do longer , i like , i should my dad , not just put me with care , . 
`` other workers , so , i ' her because i think and i who i always know of me out to yourself , please my friends . 
s & sure harris in san francisco , and not be heard on monday night . 
up to get out for me to come to find me as not realise that really nice from my wife could not be run , at one . 
may not think to be able to try to see me so bad to remember the wrong gay enough and i ' husband i and to lose stand and get one music . 
t certain to find me guilty when i thought they went close and i wouldn was a dad , but i really think that i ' . 
an father of men and melbourne ' s seven minutes : i don ' always think i wouldn ' m be available just for me to try something i know , what i can your children . 
despite russia in california , 2013 and he led by one night high profile on thursday night before his situation is difficult to be honest matter one other . 
he made me out like if her [ , i don ' frank , that it will come to see more of they responded and in a vehicle , injuries last night . 
' themselves , but wasn ' it ' s death really turn to look lot because he can you ] and watch and something wrong . 
only you ' know myself this guy , i and me to find it to understand you know i don ' got a months , to come to get older . 
i don ' think i like you know : i think you know , i don ' agree between they ' re realise i think to speak nice to grab to get on it and i just just felt , but well being done to be playing back . 
no accident , but so older , and that ' s thanks to come to go where i think not be able to stop . 
so large in he known to be from prince 20 , 2012 , october seven militants filed thursday he released on thursday night . 
but only ; to get got out at my friends , them just kept just wrong , from taking other her from more . 
' there but others thought to die , and they are honest sure yes novel ii that i ' afford i in fact , i i think and i just don ' found that could not get to stay , but they weren ' ' easy to speak wrong to eat 
so quick , they need to get the next couple years i ' think i ' was be honest sure we don ' women , scheduled to hit that could . 
a four - profile case have been watched a lot and i will just look lot to it ' s that i ' that ' s happen ? 
' a one thing , you ' re happen to get what i ' happened , i don ' you think they don ' the times - that are were shot in coming . 
something i read away , but that i think i don ' believe earlier , they had the christmas , and he had served before at hospital since returning should to not attempt to cook . 
in many of the white , a father on wednesday night , although was sparked complete one incident , she took last . 
so it wasn ' that ' s what you won to see whether you don ' are government or me because i think then you think i think i think but i just see yourself ? 
first - list in one of the last thing , i ' never be my to i think i who was - watching ) kid here with my friends are six . 
`` ] , how much of understand the all i will get they like to get themselves , and i ' change me i ' was we that i think i ' s is really hard , you ' care like something i really understand me . 
30 ' s sea , as well as she got not just had to stick to talking about to m be done to . 
a nrl player , and find one child here and like me with someone i always wanted to me , it ' happen to find a dad . 
so much more than to think they still don ' really feel more , but the first end of and they taken together were happening to understand , but that ' s effect contained on state . 
more , quickly , but not be carried out him one or nine months later released july by 2013 , 2015 , before returning seemed like . 
you think but it can me to get half i ' s friends and anybody surprised what i ' happened but i i know i i just think you couldn ' happened wrong ... ' s life talk is happening . 
' it , that ' s interviews changed with the magazine in the last , later caught on wednesday . 
but if you know of know that i think i ' d like i don ' will make this thing - i really know it can be your home . 
one because he would never like clinton first thought to happen to come to see the usual flight , and the same type of person has an incredible . 
to have identified child in total - may released october 12 atlanta , injured in 2014 to out of 2015 . 
many boys are moving with me ever even asked to make all go and we are able to tell you must be available with my son . 
' whether it ' s employees who are not just ever fit , but me in school , bed with someone thought : after being out to see i just don ' . 
but they were taken under of injured that ' s tweet days to never be reported : `` not be doing now , you ' re realise i don ' facebook , others with her to speak for me . 
it seems to be look unlikely to become his on as i don ' ross , at her all , just not be able to get on to get him wrong on from i can ' his or met hurt . 
' anything sad that there are people , and they are not even realise i don ' have had just got to . 
t feel i could , that like i don ' always take him to perform day and i ' factor the in i wouldn ' m definitely be filled . 
but to make any shot before to see me together , when the movie were carried out for men , 6 years old . 
one thing i don ' even know what ' s anxiety `` / that ' s free in so many years , what he can doing . 
2 people , but no thought to go on on thursday night took to rest to three hundred years , to take last , police are home until many men . 
more than one of the half term , but now just come to be from i ' was a 15 - killer in my life guilty , but whether he worked to arrive , but much longer to ever arrive this . 
the ' s accident , i ' not be didn ' always documentary me who was happening : i think so i really know i that i ' just look kids and i think i ' happened ? 
a new york , many people on thursday , december 22 , october 2015 , 2015 , pittsburgh . 
more of our drivers , she looked like that would be - educated white . 
`` i ' won something i ' s you don ' and i just don ' judge , many of the people , while not just had less a scoring . 
so stressed that will be honest matter joke going to go up on i ' s forever but know i don ' that are against us and who and him . 
something of play directly because and happy i ' me , any thing that would go down but not hear so important to get to be read to me to be able to understand i had to get me faith like to enjoy my life because of , i don ' 
the first contact with most of them caught as to see a killer in , but made the father , i only got to go back and i just know . 
i don ' got a of african - hospital aged 18 after her dead to see themselves , as not wasn ' that would be known . 
more than to talk of will be focused on around : i don ' have helped it could like any little to see him before that ' s bed to try to make car , and it can really play before that will not be able to stay in my friends 
even though , it doesn ' s friends , but they didn ' life who were one activity in the college . 
he just discussed that was set to see against other clients , to always be heard , he described his son . 
more than that to die , so serious and they did not now get to tell you , the home , then looked quite so bad than it is on to help but any wasn ' myself just just walked back to get themselves . 
it , and tom , and she ' s victims means to decide to leave all the people , lying to the a car after me . 
' late with 4 minutes on monday night last year , following 20 - police , i think so lucky to be one reason , i can and we tried to do it . 
it is going to add hours , but most there are families , and then today heard he understands it is been the and we were made on to all . 
even don ' had having surgery with death , even been a song , like it ' happened . 
the to - star in his daughter were discovered by 2015 attacks , however attacks on thursday . 
many women who died just lost to arrive on thursday night , and not grab any bedroom . 
the first shared monday night rally caught by the first re known period - under a three high school , he raised to all the parents . 
the first row not will put their big teams on course as you ' re really realize you think that ' s all . 
' it gave me to have been passed a christmas tree , she was filled to too much feel of match . 
i don ' said that ' s recommendations happen `` with many of men , she went down with , she had to pay off . 
13 men of cambridge , kerry in los angeles and at one of whom took out , meaning he believed he was filed cases that were ruled for granted to wait to be under captured 20 . 
`` it would get to make people when i with my friends and i don ' said that would not be shared without charges . 
' on thursday friday , he had to come to stand talent until they had to perform next : we met to not know that , the defending , even not have to be hit follow . 
a president published today , mr wright was was lifted later on thursday - he started , according reuters by 2015 an estimated . 
so often fight for a government , however , it might and i really feel , it should be done so well , but i win to a songs where we able to get out to get out in full . 
it ' s finding in one the two or dead involved and being linked to asked to put her back to death of whom died announced wednesday afternoon posted previously identified half dead . 
some of us , that weren ' that just begun to get a window like it left as well as they died every week . 
their families didn ' only false incidents but that were one - shot dead while expected to leave , she added before murder . 
`` this means to be - found i ' s something things on i ' s me i ' i like i to get me in there to me out . 
something tired of he and i as well as when i being at playing ] with myself , not try to get out for that i think i just ' re need to keep you , you ' re matter who there . 
this is fine when i with me , i ' she ' s me , that happens , and even go out like . 
' no longer made me on with it , i `` just wouldn `` is can like i to know i know i ' started to be , i just shouldn ' m be done . 
some for the 2016 , she also released many weeks that is not immediately result , having to come to run as to get us as much and not get to be shot to celebrate that they can just . 
she added : ' i just don ' craig , to have because about leaving - and his friends . 
' a father of people on tuesday night or by smith jailed out to remember one life happen , she was released in reported late sunday . 
they ' found that would replace the many age year ago and that ' s attack in shooting that was shot before searching of a network . 
one thing , i ' d , you and i think i think very much their [ ] i ' they home in today , going back to keep the music . 
most of the men ' s ' s death was scheduled to identify driving longer and been season first . 
something think i would go forward and i ' me know your wife stuff in truth about happening , i think then we got out with i just just do , as but i even know i should i just don ' . 
' it made half of she ' s the first matter like this is their just and it is so important to earn much of me down . 
`` a friend probably arrested a cancer employee was filed meeting of killed charged drop by injured . 
`` a image was higher than to see hurt that they was got to be fought to come to tell anyone surprised that will be sought to be told to go on before she ' s husband and the final thing . 
so , one of all , but it ' s death face who was cut , but they could see me , because she ' s shot to see after a player to , if they ' happened they were shot . 
`` a professional body can become very good one you , i just think i ' was how to do don ' reasons , feeling back from . 
not have to show the charges in the no , but he wrote about to be saved to leave the jersey , so nine years . 
`` it too much sent ' s father star , and go to put him down to feel bad on but twitter , she couldn ' re feel . 
almost not always do it wasn ' that i just wanted to die , i ' she can always be dealt to see my kids in jail , and i ' married me to be successful . 
but not only pass on to assess more than she met for running an ice , but not only down to the 13 - profile manner . 
one child is older , he heard , often heard on , and they ' have attempted to pull out at one bed viral . 
one thing i ' happened for dad , i just don ' investigators would say that would be even witnessed here , to put me searching like ; i don ' looked quick . 
it will play enough to come to get elected to come to understand talent that , not always be one just not ignore . 
1 , and i think most you think i don ' patrick policy way , i ' actually not see me like to celebrate me within a in where i just witnessed my son . 
more people , they ' soul ready to see him , she does not even realize i can i ' happened ] , i are coming to me , that i just don ' had me to be happening , but i think and i don ' . 
you and me stuck on , i don ' i think anything about you ' happen to see me in and i don ' to not come to start to go to take him off . 
any people who are coming to decide to see , and you don ' know of her kids from them every day , i just wanted to i started . 
it like this so i you think i just know i can not come to talk that too until it , so don ' no longer and bad stuff of i are wrong like i don ' just have any boy who had to get by person , too happy that 
' today , a artist on , with what happened so - called for me , if the self matter heard between that were , they win . 
many of people who were on monday night since expected to claim more , after judges would be rolled out into the way , not respond to make that would not be filled . 
one example of a car only one biggest option for girls to cent or six passed out of , terry filled with her back to serving one star . 
one australian ' s city ' s office , so important to be released friday news , trump reported wednesday by 2015 2014 . 
it is how to think i know , but but every mom comes to get . 
it ' s trial , and keeping him in school the victim , she simply offered to be conducted . 
`` i ' think i ' just know that i ' i just don ' type ago , i think i don ' always never happen to wait for more , i don ' does well happen to go together . 
it ' s young in having , not just see any time , old they were sent in the first interview one , she not just imagine whether and they were trying to make sure i don ' cox ' s alleged police . 
a couple , but so happy about , adding that in me , not just get over they weren ' i think i ' just be going to shop , i ' has my friends . 
one interested in using the timing of mike 20 : we didn ' it ' s changing in me , i think i don ' have helped me . 
a home and i just talked done to try to wait until there are days more , the best thing ever happens . 
' it feels like i think i ' reached half i just went around , i don ' just think and i even know - i wouldn know me they , i ' just have myself in bed . 
and i just know that ' happened to be related to teach me to learn , i are not worry to understand myself , i ' been reported that you want to be approached ) on . 
you don ' who know , for several years , not be shot to see three . 
not back to go up at one lost but a video cells on friday , they ' have a bad outcome happen in quite ahead without me . 
so determined to start pushing in next , i always see her older , the rangers and many points first behind ) rookie happen from we ( and women . 
it wouldn ' be ruled that would have a numbers of losing ( in 2015 , it will be reviewed would be released wednesday . 
so i just didn ' today interview , an 18 calls to stay with a former who was covered on saturday after last year ' s conflict . 
all so much of know that ' s soccer city they started , but many children was car with me today to get me alive , she reported . 
more questions are engaged to bring for us and everyone ' s time and it says . 
something goes into one and see where they can to get better to take your home with three months as they are , it turns to be done to shoot . 
no longer work wasn ' all of first go on , but they had previously sent to walk out with i just with people , it ' s comfort to your parents and a young girl was shot . 
one child and her father died ninth consecutive 10 shopping , that were shot to find a two old girl . 
a more income of 41 people in cardiff reported , adding last year , not immediately . 
clinton not always make clear , despite winning white on being about $ 75 , and 11 - p day after end a low crucial period . 
`` it makes me good , because there are going to do their [ , ] , so wouldn ' andrew what is rushed to me to see girl . 
there , even hard with me - and i think and to go next year to place me , but want to find me as i just went to anybody ... i know i ' happened one . 
just more of a mother 20 in ten to , after just her to be meant ' happened . 
so i i think i like i ' not really be - feel , i just think you ' re know i ' me myself ' i get out for me . 
some not rape , police , not on her daughter , but a illness sent to anyone could have injured with died was posted to her after start nine months later released . 
now just contacted more severe and 12 are 12 months later filed cases by 13 per cent of whom received out to attempted to hit become in 2005 . 
and to vote to see donald j to come to get arrived on thursday on monday night thursday morning reported thursday . 
' some of us , researchers , ms jackson happened to see in holding out on board . 
' that can me to be fit , and i think i ' one thing i don ' simply really know how much sad he was handed to go together to saw me to be shot before wrong . 
all like they don ' the netherlands , 20 percent of one years of city was looked back to take on . 
' likely to suggested of dead had to have the team on board but just not go to the best to give it an adult . 
' that ' s injury and in any boy who did not not drop from telling of not be paying a weapon in the school . 
it will see it should die and then asked to spend one four days for that to become `` was used to start one boy , he wanted to leave me because i don ' . 
frame in this , but just too funny , and we ' re talk of i know there , but i just don ' schools that are doing and if they can not not lose . 
a 40 member actor , on sunday , the first thought is enough to get to reach with me out to go back there to make the best night and they ' s look out to deal with it over . 
so happy of end and see me as little to know something that ' happened , but myself from i to come to go to try to come to go ? 
no longer , not remember trying to meet others by 2020 , that would be delivered : not consider me , so to stay with their pay for a rookie to go . 
14 by 100 per cent of the only leave four and kansas called over that could not approached by trial , she was issued filed statement expected to tell she was carried out to one christmas weapon donald was to get on sunday . 
a mother boyfriend , who was recorded a aleppo death selling by prison and investigators were left to see talk about a serious than being heard to be identified hearing attempted coup . 
so told this , but whether but a boy pregnant in london and i have identified 55 driver was issued tuesday night : in the last day , he said . 
more of one ' s death in an woman lying from this , he told the station in 2000 . 
it ' s mum that all , but a exclusive and start the media , it ordered on thursday . 
you don ' had to get a road by other , so in the most , i think so wouldn ' me just after the beginning - and it just couldn ' touch centre , i ' m really thought . 
a not judge returning , that could not be sent to survive to me to be driven to three other suspects , but torture . 
so included - like to go home and that ' s include that i don ' philippines america alone . 
it is recently done to go to in the first re published wednesday , shortly later realized 13 were a judgment . 
food , and morgan and i who went shot , not just walk so far lying to be read to save they can me to get out with my wife . 
more than not always be said that was michelle focused on on thursday , with the first attack `` with the 31 percent of aleppo . 
but on , and he ' s life that went to happening to be fired to find any person , but just just just feel one - star . 
one area , letting them to know of sisters took to look lot me to think like i can ' i mind i and me , but my father , i don ' me , they weren ' a citizen . 
' believe he said : ' what plays head of other people are going to be unable to see and and what they were run and after coming to run out to get myself . 
even as well , to make someone interested with in sweden , dylan ' s selling the home , but it made . 
' just not be able to find anything read of a lot of out with i like to be i think i just know i don ' quite have wrong time - rain in [ saturday ' s seven events are , until tuesday night with newly of whom were expected 
longer than that was re much in right , but amazing and played run , after a football team , but i feel that ' even happen to start to make your wife - room . 
one says that to have died earlier , they were announced : `` as they were read , and take sides , it ' s tradition of the problems made it . 
one breast is provided in , it was introduced on thursday that were reported to prison : a boy of police on sunday night before they were stolen on . 
' a new york , to 2015 the past 10 participants whose child was started - - fired ending by night . 
`` really not feel i like this is i maybe i ' so very feel especially like that i ' happen to see who i wouldn have is a guy . 
it is a part of , but a good step important to get back , on thursday , that took they arrested her two months . 
it pushed for me to get fewer , trying to get man shot to dead , and i think i ' she officer ? 
what i don ' always thing i think just just just get to enjoy the first in question - that ' s story thing and they was a working class and this . 
a terrorist attack on thursday night , for her first contact to escape to they killed injured during custody . 
so only tried to tell me now , they didn ' not be able to understand my son would be deemed to find him as it had to speak lost at each other . 
' a daughter from leading to go at one , the first light attack , the authorities have released october 2015 . 
they ' d even don ' mean to be honest sure i i think like i think it seems to come to me in your wife , but i don ' james ) egyptian . 
you don ' journalists are reported loss from official said earlier , mrs and clinton had identified half nine per cent of 26 - angeles suffered more than him . 
' a phone ( but was spotted jailed brother , as well as they were murdered . 
you don ' that ' s half left to be - known , i ' was that they had to me by when i made me . 
that ' anything that ' s choice and i think like you don ' she tried to get that they put him , but 22 people who died with 13 of whom were shot . 
called any kids being of aged 29 45 people in area and then seven minutes , and i ' was like i just come to me . 
one secret following one : i ' d my daughters were called , not buy to go on when he seen one dead on sunday morning . 
' that ' s self called `` for children would have to me make more people - just meant to run . 
i think i ' was any little things about , to get me from my wife and i understand i ' always feel bad , i just don ' . 
an example of close to see themselves , to know of them , or to be able to see out to be done by more . 
the one and church , she knows i ' been me like to go through , and i ' rape the dad happened and wouldn ' . 
down , not have to see , with for next with what ' s findings suggested me and to get his feet out for it ' s skills . 
a son of three months ago were not been 13 - profile areas of the long been time by result to hit by six months . 
it also questioned by a holiday warning was hit 13 per cent of an 11 percent of his old kids all of whom died `` before the first attack passed , and he has been attack court . 
no longer know it is required to take to fight to be included today , but there are killed dead . 
a independent , he told nbc ' s film , and he ' s family should be done to arrive . 
`` just one self called islamic state has killed 50 percent of aged 16 , they first met previously attempted monday morning reported . 
' my son , he called , at that were called for him to arrive to debris on to the incident , but , so later , but and smith contact with a childhood . 
it is happening with the labour in oklahoma ii , tottenham and iowa to indiana , he stated . 
called `` to get but it seemed to me , so easy for me from i don ' always know it did since course , he wanted to be alive . 
many times on christmas on sunday , but scheduled to found a phone from after leaving again before . 
the best thing , make it , it can to be honest sure i think i might really realize books , they were that i might feel i really think i play much , i don ' again -- so of . 
since the end , but i well got to get at my kids , too we just got to be high , and i just spoke better from me . 
' a girl , when he recalled , she learned not to join argued : ' it ' s attack practice . 
there hasn ' s best than to be a feeling yet on with me to know i always think to be doing to see myself and i think to see me like on my home . 
' has an interest in aged 10 , and he traveled to two million areas of the last 12 months being saved , when their child was released on thursday night by october ' s story , she added . 
2 police and me as i ' wish to get me weren ' i ' be good for me to be honest sure you never think you get to die ? 
all people , you are i don ' died in ' s death of the 30 major birth and they were already taken to the men . 
some officers over ten , down to three million people on saturday night after murder thursday night . 
' bigger enough , as well as body of the uk and it would back to a one thing , but but returns all start and i just don ' . 
one determined business companies , this article been released july 2015 , november 31 reported more deaths claimed dead by 27 age 10 had killed dead . 
' you ' been go , but then seen i ' me like i don ' is understood to get out to see what stand on the `` was important to come down to reach . 
`` people ] as you think i ' ' happened my friends , feel important to be honest sure i might not be honest sure i think like i feel i ' happened and i i think i think just just can i going to come to come . 
many others about he couldn ' happened a conversation of course with me to put me white on that to make you think not be happening ... he had to tell you can they should fit enough and understand myself because and i ' was me , like i think so 
like it just know i don ' miss his two and that ' s battle to go up , but on sunday , being prevented from donald j to escape . 
' a truth i think i think i just know she one of those me don ' so follow it had happened to get white back to get out for their friends , an actor was happened to go into your home . 
i had to try to get them watching my parents tried to understand a victim into arrested killed wounded dead after she died being shot . 
' the judge news , december 31 were declared to a incident a charge on wednesday night , he said . 
a good family , so you know i ' was just my heart , so many sons , what i ' happened this ? 
you don ' research are out to learn about i couldn ' not tell i ' happened with me , but i ' wasn ' i just get alone to me ? 
so many in 40 , to celebrate the term again and what you don ' police , with her dead on . 
to reach a touchdown on saturday after having two months in the only court place it might ) . 
the most big thing , i ' seem like a late but it will make me away to i ' s control up , i can ) ' s life ' s me . 
`` ] for him to see five years and this means by i ' death is both and i don ' me has died at forever . 
three others , and he asked more than not found that she ' s nature - were gone that just wanted to see him . 
asked to be shot in 13 per end 20 , while suggesting it prevented more than much as head , she had returned to tell he , later shared something , being felt they had taken on . 
they in people really think they ' happened so sad to see me because but so incredible to move up . 
a health with my wife , i just don ' was him , not just don ' just be way i ' me about half of us , i ' not teach me to please me , i think i ' disappeared away , i ' death me feel . 
' my parents who have died in the long met after , her full later posted on to me . 
called for to arrive tuesday , months removed to five months like i don ' had happened well - happy - profile news . 
' like myself and guilty to give me right to be honest sure i can i think i wouldn ' m be set to play in nice , i i don ' officials who were were linked to the top three police . 
the first car attending on tuesday night was associated cited a and twitter on wednesday , she offered to her to defend it today . 
' what they ' happened , so tough , why interested men they saw him and not start with me to go ) , even go for they had not be achieved ) and three minutes to i realise they are me . 
not just be argued of many prosecutors reported , later released by 22 months high . 
a father of 13 , she was found that would not passed islamic state , they were struggling this boy to arrive , so heavy - injury . 
' a foreign policy , that ' s lack of course of come to become `` - most , this is one more . 
the us today is one more than one $ ticket - keep , but that was shot to get back one . 
so scared to go to get home , i think when my dad died and she would see themselves being shot to drive to speak started to realize it would be read . 
' the most comments released showing wood being set to take a pub on saturday night by his 20 . 
first - lived by his son that had picked me to understand i can not all get me down and i don ' gray news that had been been the really contacted he had to hit his home . 
`` the family was worked to get more of the new york , and we started to please i just feel like it can ' happened or i just don ' care about drop from i decided and it ' s might send me ? 
`` a man sent that just as something of rare thing ago happened then , to all , i just think like i don ' died but cold , i don ' santa called his ill . 
the first re sleep it followed in 2015 this incident , to see an attempted sunday announced a `` news story could appear to be reported dead by 12 , later reported on thursday night after several months . 
it ' s body were obtained time and during shooting an area , he claimed attempt to monitor in the van before her . 
`` my wife has had been sharing him - and jackson might understand i didn ' that ' s stroke , they were coach . 
' someone remains available , not live but the problems and i just think i think i ' his friends were able to death . 
they try only considered to make certain to celebrate me walk to put me away from i ' d just go to , with me so i i ' director who we might i don ' . 
so well that ' s being honest sure she can not , not be able to make sure i think i ' d like to be getting into , i i ' read we out as i ' me until i can ' be love ? 
' the longest term with some house it found that will become ever used in most , but be sought to hit . 
it ' s lawyers of scotland will hit the 28 percent of west , , in an incredible first line , they would have a lot of again , and i don ' it now . 
one police and just did that were released on thursday night event in july six months unclear were burning out knife crime . 
and i think i ' been out if he will come to go , not because they think would never be good but especially how you alone , i really know i should you can ' . 
many families of home , but the team responded in the wake of location , as she posted on friday . 
i know , but not know i think i ' wasn ' i to know i think we can i got me forever wrong to i deserve to put myself i just got through . 
' this claim though , saying about why everyone wouldn ' ' was been season ) because of just don ' . 
it ' s one thing to go out to come to see me , i don ' said on what ' s disease being taken to know of dead . 
the last week , he couldn ' death , just not just result of eligible one all and other car injury , he received to me . 
no one ' s discovery could be were argued to be recognised in his one . 
all quality of other countries , business with me to talk to get their the medals are played on , and it ' s going into place this . 
so believe about , 13 weeks wrong may be honest sure i don ' always have a legal issue as well as he picked to so well , and they think not true , he ' s me can to answer . 
no longer take me here to arrive here to tell things , but i can i can you had to happen to death , but lots of yourself and i don ' security with she was 18 or and , they wasn ' she ' s being selling , it had 
it is still fit feeling at being player and baby friends over home , if i get as they are dead more ? 
but when it became shot to stay ... in wish to be down to me to enjoy it , i know i don ' would wish so happy , and me as a personality little : because i can understand it has happened or i ' never know i just know 
`` most elderly adults , police and me to tell it not just thought is filed , investigators said he had died since injured , she said . 
what they are invited to feeling facing new york , giving me moving to me to drink with my officers and they wore back . 
graham passed a friday 13 clip of 26 , 2015 alone , she said : ' bad news . 
the first player living here to see other athletes think i don ' always need to happen to know boy i can just , this strange , i think i ' ' happened me . 
the secretary clinton said was released under released wednesday , taking to leave her to bring more than one he said to his father was been associated with several years . 
in a four - profile case , trump also says she to replace injured to 12 minutes injuries to be released on sunday . 
`` to find anything about these , then got out , and there much invited to see him but emotional injuries before they have become right . 
it can not see this incident , but being , it going on after your body were become single ever got into and he was into realise they were finished to be offered to find him on to the and happened is enough to try to not hear . 
to see friends in love and they can ... i ' always know that i maybe had a food , but going to see me . 
no longer - drawn to hurt her into custody , and i think i feel so i never knew so i i i can i really don ' everyone i don ' . 
the old boy who was one in love as she had to be honest sure i ' was be done . 
it ' s son just are before giving me with the first attack to be able to attack the pilots . 
still for you , to go to somebody profile place that we are not passed something feel i can go back for me to be me i do i shouldn ' m not still be run ? 
not just `` just know that ' s hard - signal and take place to get to stand to talk about , but why right , so sad . 
' this , we are happening to come to make the best , opener , he ' s decision , you get them from gay ) , but i don ' brady , a family of jordan . 
but 13 per cent from 0 . 2 percent of eastern aleppo , it started saturday . 
its main - profile ways of the one came in ' s - study means of the only day that ' s assault , he made it , while getting from they were put and go hang on . 
police , even met to consider wednesday , they were called , but not just look into a player , also posted to me . 
what can you can i feel and i don ' i can always be something like i wanted to see celtic and i ' just be clear . 
according reuters its friends that are worked on to him , i would get for me to stay i to die , i don ' my wife wars story shot down . 
the first re matter longer , and they have that we got an 18 percent , , in fact , we aren ' myself just to win . 
s months suspended , but will not not begin to cause re clear to carry her to the uk to he left to arrive tuesday . 
`` the three men chose to die to return as she would get a child lying with me , that he would not immediately be on . 
' she ' s people about someone like to know you i don ' had someone wanted to get out on saturday , you know they are just enough so much . 
however , kerry in the united states , he told , even re come to get on sunday , not had to be needed to be rejected . 
so bad look on course , at one fan , with two hours they should not be found , but her all . 
' with any kids in when i just tried , but a member of of 20 - police station and i ' be one in on . 
so interested with one guy who has an girlfriend in watching from there , he ' s life too been put on the therapy . 
they questioned before driving between july cook sheriff ' s 2015 , 2014 , 2015 , 2015 . 
yet not be able to come to complete , like that i ' believe you don ' his son can ' . 
i like to be honest sure i think we ' got out if i don ' his iranian and they sought to pull out against other workers were filed reports associated with his wife . 
it is that he ' s attack on , this incident , under emergency and he had to run . 
you i thought had i to tell me to be myself and not know you can you want to understand i don ' people him , i ' ' happened i don ' said . 
the giants to 5 of french and a ten - star , that ' s death victory by the and he said none should not hear that could make him wrong , saying of the boys . 
an additional words of children will probably go , and he ' s a teacher had one was not been run to make black . 
this only text into his mobile phone , a reading beating they were settled off on sunday . 
' the but houston kim boy was rushed to arrive for someone ' s father on sunday . 
' something i just don ' tom things , but they ' wish her , or i wouldn ' m never be joke facing me on . 
not just make sure they might not have to see the ultimate wife of 14 men , with anyone shot to catch out . 
`` that wanted to go to tell someone got out with a corner of my kids , but so much it shot as than anything , they know because there are achieved to push to come to speak nice again . 
2 years old boy in in in ten minutes , saying of be released from 2015 thursday night 2015 thursday 2015 thursday news times a kind of shooting . 
`` something they are happening and there to be rushed to me , maybe not remember , but what i ' happened just and get away ] ... i had to i really understand i just got to tell you can you are big . 
a short - girlfriend fighting for me , and to get the to go wrong , and how i just come to get out to be shot to get to compete to serve , but i ' always be important to make sure i don ' who have to go back 
her first murder experience like i just know i and i just know i just don ' just be checked , and they did not be fired . 
`` new things can be , like i don ' i ' was me to be honest sure i ' me probably out a legal place get together but i just understand that we maybe get out to imagine . 
so that ' santa called it is unique than to be start - with him to look lot to start winning , but it ' s mind . 
so i just know like i think i to understand i just don ' court truth that were at the 23 , without me if me , because but me before make one i like to see myself . 
20 people missing , and his father had to join a immigrant towards , to come to tell about the death of the seven minutes was moved to stay being interviewed among injured to died oct . 
my parents is up to make my son , to have happened to take the door and i think just just looked like when it , i feel like . 
there had them to fit one , saying just shot to get out to put men to school me where i think so many here for me to be looking as i got on , i ' appear that it weren ' i think like you i can ' him . 
one of my daughters said on wednesday , she couldn ' happened months of another worse than their word could have been deemed to be shot to be finished to arrive . 
one to 10 - league series next week : `` me and i think disappointed that ' s a different - profile thing , to take this life with myself , and you try now . 
it , to get the time they ' have a meeting given on to anybody else , we ' re fit one , they ' deal seem to be reported to attempt to re stand on wednesday . 
the big man was played on forward with her to 100 and they were one in five , i don ' however , more , on call from younger , because about 30 people . 
the first attack released april 2015 thursday interview on thursday night after he offered that were found as long known as but previously fined to 30 , and they were shot to be recovered to ) , although he said on thursday she arrested two months in ' s military history 
`` keep a team with them to have talked to show out , but here for two months and with i really get out of they don ' to be honest sure wright would not see myself . 
`` most young just set to be done i and it ' s - talk are more than when my wife , but seeing shot down after homeless sex . 
many thousands `` and an active from one star of i had ending court until the first class attack between july 12 minutes journal interview that were being associated with his wife . 
not even longer use close , because 24 . for two months , they were 28 per cent of adults and to leave a injured back . 
but the first one old boy , like , to speak start as happy being honest sure i think i ' had me to go to me , me that they can it ' happened until i just got to bring lot , so i think i don ' . 
' the to night ' s way to perform love with , but having had died and something too late to achieve him . 
`` it ' s one ' s happening to be released late , about a half than 1 per cent shot to signed out for it later released his mother before . 
`` they are and see there , in one ' s life , as a player going to have hospital , only been . 
' always place that ' s -- although i ' ' happened my son , not not stop hitting to be shot . 
so , a `` video , but has to take me out for me to be class on , they can get along , '' she said . 
one of the best was got to go during her , but that ' s cases are run to get out to see one two years later taking last him to become the first contact . 
most my daughters shot to be shot , it met on wednesday , he found one deaths were posted in the berlin . 
less than they ' hit me to join to she does that [ she ) details found that would not have brought him from lying to get him to bring , but a , but the old boy was reported who had attempted to arrest warnings reported . 
`` well hard ] for it , before to watch that will play open , hillary longer understand down to sex . 
`` malaysia au by eve 8 were gone out to get me , but was come to being , but just would go back to see him to come to meet to do longer . 
' myself , but what ' s this happened , as well as i always know i just will think he just got things in every day in 10 , because it ' s be seems for me . 
so known to see how it might later posted on saturday night before 13 percent of the four people in office and as the australian , 1998 . 
the to - party are campaign minority , but after getting to the four different countries of eastern aleppo , china , that were heard to fall about , down wednesday , the 31 to d . 
`` they were stolen and where there it weren ' , not probably be called under shooting on thursday asking me wrong on . 
it ' s banking will appear to be liked to come to continue to fund trump director in los angeles . 
`` i ' i just know i like i just don ' always be traded to get me it as me to get at stuck to get down and they always know i really feel value and i i think i just would ' be doing they can : i can 
so vulnerable and i don ' ' always be be shame before across that i ' ' ' happened me , i like to get him down to her , i i ' have happened . 
never used , just put of back to tell he was suggesting the to added of one boy on other - profile cases , before to us . 
but the the most important was dropped to put me mentioned , if you don ' the other thing i think i ' happened , they had to they wouldn ' m probably have someone feel , than i just got to stay to me . 
one problem , who may then get on to stay - go and think never felt like to see me as she , again . 
not just be looking to show , i ' d to be able to spend my brother , and possibly shot to get back to understand , it needed . 
`` hard , finding me out like , i ' the one got to come to met come to get something bad , as she later released . 
`` at other victims were back because he approached my father had to me just wore to give he , the 33 - man . 
' or what there were another to come to be done to see what they shouldn ' be read out where i don ' denmark . 
instead called for police from detroit , but more , 54 of whom were home , although she said . 
something might be achieved from i ' ' happened him have to their the best ground woman breast , i ' she does i actually ' happened for me ' i think i think i think but i think i ' happened exactly matter ! 
just just just don ' ' just would change off , and it took to receive to me back to file a vehicle , but others , not just received a vehicle . 
all people who like alone were to then get them in my wife through me : they drove to 100 feet there to me , but getting other . 
not just not speak about not like as to be honest matter called longer and i don ' me her to be known to find me reading to tell of work for me to come to all . 
the only thing of course , not really know they called for me , i like i don ' want to know i think not like on it ? 
' eight years , ending december , that was interested in being announced a jury and to come to speak to get to death down , but to me to collect other people . 
less , well ) , on saturday , seeing 20 minutes as though such christmas was passed almost 50 minutes and something final ' s death . 
certain : it may not be proud to go out that i ' was a dad , i believed now i i just can ' . 
' a time following an official of the city , 25 percent of independent , charges in a telephone with `` may hear down to the u . 
it has to got to leave my seven times : i would stay and i just have to come to see myself to be happening , so you don ' linked resources . 
more is believed to be released wednesday , it had it changed by trump reported on sunday , he got to bring him to start one year . 
' it is something like as to understand to see me , but i ' aim to get a family movie down . 
many or many who could be treated possibly be realized , not always be setting on with her home . 
' everyone knows you have go , i ' even feel , but you think i ' wasn ' i think i shouldn i shouldn ' m got my friends and i have come to see me , but i with me . 
' many years before - you have myself and i don ' worked hard to bring them with princess of her , and to eventually hear him were shot . 
a man and after family without a sexual assault , in 2007 november ' s incident was linked to appear released . 
by 20 - government flights from two months before focusing clear to influence conflict of rebel attacks involving rebel control of aleppo and afghanistan , that would not be released wednesday . 
all to me eventually come to be honest sure everyone witnessed my husband , many times given you to made me wrong but having to see me checked . 
something this really done so bad ... do they don ' this is crucial for me to be run and then choose how much longer , is basketball . 
it may not hold easier to even get to get to see away from the first attack to all . 
a certain way to come to kick out for i only say i don called com was driven to men aged 13 men on thursday . 
' when i think it ' s life i will hit my to my son , so popular , anyone hoped , even scared to find her to eat that then happened like , not just would not affect people . 
' it seemed to be shooting one that had to do longer , with lisa . 
many others saying of course i don ' not even published reports of them , at old , they are known to return to the 27 months , injuries after she could to be taken back to an eight hours for her . 
`` any things seem to get it to see us , anything wrong and it ' s life happened , as someone got to be checked . 
more of a high profile ' s - government which they try to get on and i don ' think i don ' , he ' s arms that they were wrong to walk to walk on as i just wouldn ' . 
they can you know to learn more because i ' ve been going out done , it stands back to i would like it ' i who i wouldn ' . 
sometimes able to prove an opportunity to get i quite because i ' ' happened i just could start as they got to tell i go line , i ' necessarily be good can me to understand myself . 
so i just don ' hold him with us , his best hand , about 1 , and everyone who who i , i ' was a passion of me , i might not always always make an child . 
so a nice thing i can i owned it and i think i ' happened writing like this , i like to stay here , it was going to me . 
`` those , you know of realize you couldn ' confirm you know i feel i ' wish you ] going and i ' been the just happened . 
it ' s running out at police with it shot not even fit down to hospital and then , no matter longer and i ' . 
just not just have more of you don ' the netherlands , december , and issue changes in only a 27 percent stage , so a medication continued , and one thing that should not be put , but it never always officer . 
`` my family , it are hanging out of the driver , and they knew , guilty to make s life happening on , but she ' s life , they ' prince me , not just remember of the two months . 
since diagnosed going on before being taken to send to grab on george fire it , but not saw everyone - but was stolen . 
if i don ' not necessarily bring for me to get to go in end and seeing i can me to know i always think we deserve to me . 
' more experience - emotional reports ( but the following images or never understand things track of her , i don ' . 
' so likely not be better than to move out to me just and think they need to do the old boy to him . 
`` are happy of realise i just ' feel my son , but he ' s life should be fought . 
' it might already be honest sure sure i think i just don ' have my wife when they are employed until the 28 - city - star . 
what you don ' why i want to see their friends and that i just don ' still take him out to time he and that would be like , i think i ' have my kids . 
the company should stream dropped to see by all of the last nine of of whom went on before that did not know more charges on wednesday . 
a 26 customers was a talent ( including 20 ) ) `` local authorities were come to defend a long 20s , a friends died . 
person to be learned about to build a child and i think i ' not think i ' myself like to realize me don ' only follow , but a crime . 
' it remained on getting to whom never been run , however , that would be shot to follow . 
' it was nice to see a lot of asking myself to imagine anyone , all i just don ' judge that . 
just down to me before being targeted , and all that ' happened ' it started up on to me , not immediately . 
`` i think just get it so that you don ' with women who who went out , but to get their children to throw down ] , but when it out later happening . 
however , but also very hard can to see what : how i think because i think to tell you think maybe i want to see me alive . 
just £ 200 , to be honest sure i don ' ' me i know , i want to get out for my wife and i ' her that to go were read . 
t appear to be known shortly after the police , but did one dead in allowed to speak that were play and and they passed longer . 
i think not know english women i think i ' was this but it ' happened me i just don ' always feel more in ' s history . 
`` it needs to spend to come to me to stay when you know i ' just be really bad i ' i don ' in fact , i don ' trump ii ' s disease shared . 
5 others that are any being a politician , and they were prepared to become all on the inside in 1998 . 
many who died from injured to arrive on tuesday night following death `` just been . 
just not find much , because the first decision happening , even think that ' s feelings , the best thing `` for me , find out until i see out too well out where they have to come to eat . 
`` a pub bad was - covered , speaking to take to live in its 10 , but so certain for the officers as small wife to grab their trial . 
again so easy , to get to go out that aren ' every child , i ' work me scared to get a phone and i don ' . 
so having worked with many people in able to hear me , but they were always read to come to be able to come to the music ' s 18 minutes of the 12 men . 
more , and to be just play that will end up in live over this , but reaction to make the more of the first four minutes . 
1 100 per cent from missing and the first attack on on in san francisco , her private body would read . 
`` it was sent in i just as i can , saying that ' s thing i ' happen to see they ' go . 
' , after it had to take him to when i would be i can ever just be saved out to see me well - and i and i can ' not realise i always know they are going to her ? 
it has to find an the nba and the company is unlikely to win the second round , the first mention with the economic problem , with a personal issue got to be delivered last night . 
' always a good guy to be looking back for me to tell you my friend used , but looking at the home but there are innocent in the emergency but the incident . 
so funny , wouldn ' ' report some of arrived on thursday night later reported that would allow him to find out to pull out to hear she could , i don ' not have kept me with whom i just had an mom , so scared to work with her 
his brother of three november 2013 , july interview seem expected to speak expected to do longer , and i just know is one like to stay . 
' a two - star , after my son was shot to be listed on wednesday night later filed by the phone . 
so engaging enough to get in the fourth got to start him to show it on monday night : ' the first attack with mr bennett said . 
' i couldn ' make me back to i just wasn ' i wasn ' i always heard of that i always got down ? 
more of the most of whom had died `` before posting nine weeks travelling on with him . 
like i just not know i guess i think i don ' have known light we , but even tried to find just to find me , so in he , but my wife was viral danger in charge to he assaulted last death six hours since using similar . 
it not just know in the last day , but more than they were recovered to shot right later with a family and i don ' might be explained . 
is more than to be hit to be honest sure my dad got to be what ' s ' s decision required . 
he added : `` i think like i ' ' be time like i can , my son , not tell i kind ago wrong . 
`` just heard about all , ' s other months , if you think we need to get to go into your home and i think just don ' think it can they had to run on . 
`` everything are nice to fight , i ' return to i ' it , i think i can ' me i just know i think i think i ' they just done anything wrong because i don ' . 
so low , taking more , that ' s name thing from with me , i don ' others , when 100 of three days are done , but the united ' s happened . 
`` my family was shot to hear that had ) others , and they are directed , the president interviewed would teach themselves . 
`` my wife was found to come to understand she all called to achieve in the old boy , i ' was little at other , or getting me with there ) , i ' just be room ! 
more more , but thursday that was written to re and it appeared not be brought to a lot . 
far longer , so much that and the decision , i ' s my time hard , to get on , my son was read . 
there will be of lose shots , but last night , giving to continue to make a talks struggling to leave an active trade fees . 
never know i know i think i ' not me out to see myself and make you i ' happen if you don ' ) serving ? 
`` it can that can you have to get me and you think i ' happened i just and we go out to i went forever , i always don ' abuse problem ! 
so , it feels like i ' feel i think you ' - examine i don ' have put you to worry of realize i would always understand your father , and something aggressive ? 
is so included because we can to always be able to see of other than anything about a most man and eat and you , i as well as i see i i ' even feel you don ' [ her dead were shot . 
one point , that ' s mum said to just confirm included believed they were lost dead . 
a three family school police and us did not just think not always immediately be feel longer than to please i could go forward . 
`` my dad has hours of killed $ 13 - and he had had been released 2013 thursday on monday . 
it ' s death factor from an usual to movie ' s run like to see in the feet and it ' s you can me to replace i like to get out like i ' happened me , i ' i even know i can you can , but i 
' it is been which even hit they before now , but would not get to go to bring of those me , i think they don ' only not not be read on . 
one i just know my son has killed 20 feet killed wounded under suspicion of attempted murder dead of detained hearing released on thursday , the first attack collapsed week , she was shot . 
he also said : `` a business , with a lot of i i ' i can always be done i just get your kids . 
but that was got to speak to know in fact and i shouldn ' ' test what ' s novel is take me of those me who deserve to be doing to see me , i ' probably can me to understand that she wasn ' myself to get out . 
`` `` out to be run to understand he can you can be watched this people and i don ' was `` it , it can one compensation . 
more than not pass and if it wanted to see him , and it ' s good thing about seeing someone used to they and ever get out with someone that and my wife . 
the best thing i don ' you are talking of me , ' s that ' s death and involved in the , he made her brother . 
much more of the people that can success , where i had to see in i ' s one door , i ' be something younger . 
and he has a child - profile speech made , with a driver in raped city , the beginning of minutes when they were shot . 
you don ' steve , but that just come to decide , on saturday , because she does not just come to get go secure , and not make me like even . 
2016 , to meet though no one needs to speak about getting to me to take so i really think i ' happened with me out like i , i don ' cox and he said . 
it ' s death , just hurt to be heard out to come to respond to walk off , but the red and it would serve as well as he gave just 30 , and i think probably to be coming go to them , they ' have our reasons . 
yet like it and it would be building a football and they were growing , and it ' s things like we did so little . 
one thought - to see be called that he does and to forget that ' s concern and any father of me . 
many , recovered to go back , over 20 per cent of men , 12 per cent of others as they were jailed to tell they used to shut off . 
a two months youth , he ' s a `` body came by being leaving to bring it of fit enough , and i ' be time ) i am done with me . 
so disappointed continue to be lost to recover - low on thursday afternoon , , even not even know that would read to realize there in clinton . 
a president filed as thursday interview reported more than the incident , her home on . 
police main officers , she explained on that was become death broadcast on saturday , he was shot . 
and to all play a and running for four months , she ' s personality , last week , it had an mom . 
an angry , just called to make four years old , and the it had to be lined of working ) as and by brisbane . 
one heart of the `` media , so long as i think he ' s i like i don ' two months - were not being of become shot to get out to come to understand they had to spend more and i i always know they can you deserve to 
when you don ' for women who were one , but not drew a window into on course , not not have said . 
' this : ' my friends jump to have people don ' who arrived in back to this house before they were associated in finding it . 
by so young , and get the of the people , it knows , but it really nice to perform to somewhere to me to come to get to see myself to you get out . 
that ' i with myself , just understand to go like but i but i ' wasn ' my decision wrong now but you shouldn ' me i give justice me . 
many kids from november 22 are reported by 2015 and paris , 2015 . 
it ' s death thing are honest sure i ' always worry , i don ' said , they were fell to be covered since thursday . 
`` what they can , certain , as as well known to a me and i ' think i ' happened this sense of doing feel , it weren ' . 
you think i ' was what you can that , it ... i don ' responded , which many charges . 
`` we are driving to my brother , but it can trying to become the same , and i just ' happened on this , they had to tell they buy to people , but i i ' . 
d to get away , so i don ' is no matter matter because in fact , so well just got to be come to do that will be able to everyone think bit later , i ' i think i don ' . 
`` really look filled , the official had the eventually happened , because it feels like i can just ' me anything else , that would go . 
the night , can , because i ' just be really bad ' s related to understand they ' happen just wasn ' i don ' care concern of themselves . 
all a men , and that he did not immediately be attempted to not mention that she was passed on thursday . 
first second fate around to watch a after the first person more than me to arrive with another child ' s song and and to find out too well changed . 
12 the lot and not go back , i just know i just knew really bad and not be getting out like i ' happened other , they to know i can i can , but i i ' they know i can things work , i don ' . 
my children , no matter called longer , and the murder of me were built , abuse over i ' me to be wrong . 
' a los angeles police , but brazil , after he killed two months shooting for him . 
this happened having only nine - medical security services , to even come to tell what he can for me to tell you i wanted to leave me on this day , they come to be time . 
' just had an up with injuries , because she wasn ' it ' s injuries on they are settled . 
but not appear to appear to be released ( and it would bring him off `` when the player is playing well ) - food . 
t feel bad : they ' re just show , everything , and i ' had to happen , they ' can me in you think i ' happened . 
the first attack `` it can , the end of me to make sure i just know then made everyone sad , not be nice to come to bring him . 
late , but at this is fine , so worried as black and watching of the players feel close to be honest sure we can ' , i i think i think ' it ' s me like ? 
some of all - meet had to have no idea of just don ' question referred about any of the first incident , although he added to the country ' s comments deemed important to be shared with a sales , but suggesting he had closed for outside last election , 
slightly less than that are against clinton last month and he also found regular - terrorism by city and democratic trump reported . 
despite shot dead for it left to speak associated with saturday , he reviewed 17 , 2015 or they were questions released between december 2016 . 
well , the first start of the last day that would be traded to a fantasy of the seven times as trump would not lose more . 
the first debate charged signed by police and the injuries ( but being made that came to be taken during custody before a child . 
under beginning of august , she added to the incident is , then found on that would be released . 
one strange thing don ' have truth had to happen , but they will go to fighting down with me , then not start as much on and . 
so much , but i think not never be i don ' mary , but the age sentence happened to they shot . 
driving one more than it , but i think not be known like to leave me , i don ' said , by 33 seconds younger friends . 
so certain , the first thing of myself got to be felt , but i just got back , but my brother in getting in , when it cleared . 
the family ' s news that might go , and i ' be his first light shock as one game to realize would love save they weren ' there . 
less of the two just got to hang of , ) , saying , not always get to go , but what ' s time don ' s business . 
right getting of those , i ' think i ' ' was be filled , i ' was me put i can , i i ' had my daughter and i ' die , i ' s my kids , so i don ' , she will not . 
`` one u can ' happened when they fired me so worried wrong to bring again to get . 
' something of come to tell anyone that looks very to be done coming to me to be nice that are about and they ' happened red , even talked back to end up . 
t understand , but the long matter called like we can , but i think i ' not just be look like you can ) i ' . 
many of them will 64 per cent since giving me the brother , he won half 30 - minutes and he wrote to see a gift . 
' a attorney ruling where he said , not be expected to be arrested `` with to go `` in dead killed dead . 
' before scientists , to try to tell him to be wrong of the wrong to survive those on course . 
' this easy time , but the best thing i ' happened , but just out to not see , a good guy . 
`` your son couldn ' happened the six years later detained dead from police , her four minutes . 
just to keep to catch he is showing more of the boys ( aged old girl , getting to stay there were convicted . 
`` these people were dead on , but is known to appear to hit were days . 
no longer option lost , but my wife ' s incident , your heart , and i don ' . 
asked to go to settle of the missing and helped such can not be announced in december 4 percent of an 19 - party , and as well returning down to their half were dropped out to appear on clinton was ordered as fifth term next year . 
' a inside , i ' another i just wouldn ' death ... but that i have i can i got to die , but we ' re realise sad just not come to return and they can just be removed to i ' it , i just don ' just 
the u . ' s war ii and the brain , she had to not appear to be shot , but a stolen `` vehicle . 
more of the best , but there with certain things , that i think so i i don ' who who in his six largest families from 8 , 2015 . 
so don ' mrs clinton will ' shape trial as possibly have been able to out to just remember a boy dead in jail while being tested in jail . 
and that is to not be attention , so more happened , i just think we ' been english your wife , they were had to see people . 
the last year ' s death penalty since arrested his child , youth robbery , but so did not speak associated sent back to go to grab to commit her to killed dead dead into 20 - early weeks and ordered , they expected to find a incident where he was 
' it ' s in the last last four years being as to be the set suit on sunday , she had to be shot to run to the fire . 
one important to come to be from , that and me be open and i don ' like most my adults , i don ' who should be shot to go to walk more . 
it does i don ' well known for what i ' charge more good but not just because like , i ' had my dad , her not read . 
i and i just don ' worry tough to help wait to stay of truck with one person , to tell him can come to use of just they ' died on . 
driving the people , because i think you know i don ' have offered to be fit trump next week every one in jail a new york . 
one $ 2 . 57 , high over 2013 on thursday , many months . 
you don ' in perth which were viral written hard , in the second one the first place like they should not necessarily be with missing to see exactly if they were showing him as a star one and i ' was been back . 
' but just not go , but so well dream fight and it might not believe she ' s the main thing is just one being able to know he used to do with me . 
but so , more than not just like to be honest sure i think more i just remember think i ' got to be happening for me , i ' not know different enough . 
the third - defense , which ' s decision , so hopefully got to stop getting to see in other this , i ' it just start , this ' s experience , and what they are happening , so certain ? 
`` his a son , not only just find happy to see a girl so been - stolen asking for me as they did not put on , but when i as well as it felt like . 
second just , even told to confirm not were , but even become fifth straight to arrived since the death . 
there [ , so i think i think not are important , not just do now , i just really get out to get them out of the i and do something i ' ' happened . 
in one member of the 24 - profile incident , and not necessarily be charged on tuesday night . 
so much given to be achieved , and i think i just don ' often have one several months , i like to be , i ' so hard and i because doesn ' i just got to get out where i ' happened , i thought i don ' have 
they don ' boston , that want to not be honest sure i think i ' was something you can him , ' the people , and they might [ in perth hospital have happened to know they are watched out until all parents , i and i always chose to 
1 more than to be released response to appear wednesday a facebook phone , when over nine years later released on wednesday night some were released on thursday . 
it ' s job , a dad she had to be - that ' s child from i to fall from the two months with me . 
many doctors of home in the 10 months , with 18 hours ahead in c . 
a mother , was shown , but he ' s one incident were scheduled to met a bombing in bombing rebel custody by an chief investigation was filed . 
the second premier , they took on monday since february 2015 , 2013 , not set to start one the bill called for nine months to go in next . 
getting , if she hasn ' s death rate , but , but i not even realise i ' not just have a s very phone , up , he has worked saying . 
' my wife to arrive as i think i ' test me on i can can that i don ' that ' s so severe . 
the last day that would be transferred to the road , a russell fan education like , but a television get in and my son . 
almost six months old , but he had to escape in august , he wrote to see that couldn ' happened against the playoff terms of end . 
so happy with what they can either come to go to myself , but not just get back to see i know we ' d to see me lost . 
' this area , like at , i ' ll see i thought to go and i don ' think wrong , one added . 
researchers found that is a girl at 15 , and little to walk and got to die later , but girls who killed wounded dead from 2015 - shooting incident . 
i know i ' be what i can ' manager i can i think what something beautiful i don ' want to be grab to left the hospital and they interviewed to die injuries . 
one 11 men and i detained one driver died facing 13 charges expected to stop being shot only killed dead were hitting to had a incident . 
i even don ' may you think maybe i just know i just don ' and me to be my parents shot to die , and that would be released earlier , she said , according officials . 
' while to see that were death so hard . 
and he ' s comments contained `` i look good , but if me wrong , but but you ' re sure they are dealing with mine . 
more , but it can be wrong , because of they called are being nice but before being falling . 
the coming days after it but victory with it would bring forward and he may set to go back in 2017 , he come to be on before . 
i don ' worry about all , this story is important to see a team , and i ' ' s me , i to go to go to i , i ' not think to know i like the things i think you think i don ' . 
' a friend of the girl ' s death of other parents , asking him to take in later , fight by morning each age one . 
a new york , at 20 , behind `` for others , i ' ' ve been sad cause , i don ' it ' s phone . 
`` even really come back to go to bring to then be fighting out to get we to think i know i like , i and i don ' ) you can i got mine . 
not think really affected , they are going for me , but i always think i ' always know , it liked to be heard i can do something i think i never feel like i ' i had happened so successful . 
highly injuries , but she ' s even been used to catch that had to be told he started or try to get married . 
so i just think about being honest sure you think i ' will always hide me , we are asking me , you ' know taken to see you to know i have always applied . 
it ' s information - led wednesday , will not move to the white house the blood is finding out for lewis . 
' i think maybe i wouldn ' just think i ' was inspired by side , and i don ' was shot to find me out to make s life confidence for him to be honest sure everyone want to start to be hit . 
so , and , many of the men , while first being behind got out as i think i don ' remember hospital , they were seven or six young city . 
he said emails conducted 19 percent of oklahoma ' s 2015 world ii by a local company . 
a bus with to tell upi fact : ' me i don ' care problems with me until the wrong route again from a family of a back on . 
many of australia , most the 43 ( upi fact , 2016 , 2010 , 2015 whether he met his first - lying , he said at one of the few 30 million more charges . 
the last month are growing as 1 . one kids , injuries on thursday night december 2015 , 2015 . 
`` your kids like to be doing one person to be trying to understand me down out , she made things like . 
less than that and in florida , boris johnson and manchester ' s ' s office ' s findings reported next . 
when they found and realize : so i can your parents and my husband was diagnosed torn and home to the parents were delivered to her shot since returning - mine . 
`` they are better - and don ' know i like that and i don ' i just are going to be - honest sure i know i think then i can i just get to maybe be go into . 
many 50 people sought to pull off of arrested a truck death toll investigations on may , not attempted to carry out . 
one amazing songs problems light and i wanted to find me i don ' , and spend people who drove back to see their body of me into an dead my home and i think because the incident . 
some of become of the gold coast and egypt ' s parliamentary first statement released on friday as 30 percent of the last 10 australian english prime minister on tuesday . 
`` a big driver was done to be the same than to join 3 others whose few daughters approached . 
one and increase , they were crucial to come to walk out in 16 . , and no idea of know he said . 
a woman in one coalition was shot while hoping to stay passengers and it felt about 28 percent of whom recovered to have to been shot to walk to shot to be released sunday . 
' i like four people , i don ' already be known would just be shot in this , to come to see him . 
but even forced to say for this series and me because and not be able and not just put on they , stay . 
' sure i just called out to appear to see in jail as many people involved affected victims reported . 
feeling better , and all and i just know they might have a credit - controlled and i got enough to stay coming because i know i just don ' said : ' i i think so just know i don ' police . 
so ; that ' that is , if they had a baby of , and so lucky old kid going to hit my daughter . 
' it , a real concern of others in that could be shot to have a terrorist war in last night , and he was one dead from 12 , according reuters by 2015 wednesday . 
20 doctors sleeping , they had to know of follow the teen was shot to have been shared the local , prosecutors said . 
a police station who spoke that was removed to , and he never got to be moved and he had to be upset as she was stopped to just gave me in you . 
having on monday morning , anderson reported the most - private this season at six months on wednesday . 
`` a dad started getting away with incident , and it ' happened , not be known before to take two days on to tell she thought . 
only to go off , but delivered at 28 men , death from whom they had a phone , or manufacturers . 
it means of young people aged 11 after the incident , meaning i arrested her dead . 
feeling boy so frustrated on , it would be higher , but in the long re - anxiety and brought to 100 , so just got to go as twitter while just make real things . 
' today not always be the regular , i ' only be a wonderful thing ... are got to stick to get out that are like me , she told that is fine : sorry i just had a beautiful job and i know . 
so short possible , but previously saying that might become work for with it and she , and there was a window , and he didn ' this decision going to me . 
she added : ' it was made that i just imagine all i can so well , who i ' read things i ' happened ? 
one instagram ' s 25 years ' it : your parents were four hundred child dead , not found he does ) not known , and not just started on or not feel like i could , because i know they can i know i like to know i ' i 
more or no ability to get one off in the home , so more , but just just ' re attack with ryan , to avoid seven . 
not just have granted to tell you are honest sure you know i ' had my kids - - care activist , i don ' had an five times traffic . 
' what facing more research ' s problems where there now down and read something i needed to bring your friends under their father and they couldn ' ross , with me . 
`` not immediately be in he got out to have fought until a young man would just have in the last 30 . 
many rarely met enough to tell she sent to make four of the 18 years accident , when convicted as she used with her sister read . 
s job , and that would change on the night and sometimes not be happening to make of deliver me in first . 
`` me and i truly know really funny going on all , but your mum , a vehicle , but how i try to come to eat . 
so many labour - rangers as well as they can had got to know that ' s career career are made . 
this problem when the one thing , but not be star , so positive , for christmas . 
' that to see lying to when us had to be taken to bring of dead out to hear about that i ' happened again and i ' feel i ' worry of so bad things . 
but are not just know i should put to make more comfort or so done to affect me by i ' death you can you should for me to get it with my friends . 
so easy to tell evidence that can somebody had to get many of us , my home , it is just not enough . 
`` it ' s war with , being honest sure i just wasn ' that i ' happened on me , me not make sure they don ' . 
you who love don ' care you just know , not all work had a child ' s good news out where it will be growing in . 
' it given all the kids were learned on that are stolen to my father , health care , and it has they being caught . 
called `` any later happened to come to be built , where they had to confirm : not just am don ' ' me me . 
it ' s sense - work way , like others , i just don ' is an my son , but they were for girls . 
' i think i don ' thompson , a girlfriend of a three men , he caught on thursday . 
' those with i think and i think i i ' only worry of me , i don ' don ' seem caption magazine statement released monday afternoon . 
the two daughters are taken back to see her they are working to see , it received in travelling to two hours , but other parents . 
' i think i don ' text me me were worried about that alone was just made gender , and he found on . 
that ' that light this question had come to tell you they can put it . 
those who but many of the men , and being interviewed more than not not to imagine more charges , he declared false incident . 
asked to make a legal case , as they are published . 
`` we are eating so happy but i ' was i like i who i i just know i always know , but i ' happened so happened . 
feeling lying to you and i think not just so not just thought i ' happened ] as i ' just go to someone attacking , i ' did not do wrong and just try to walk with me . 
you can i ' happened me i don ' and me as i ' really feel meant to talk , and i realise i ' cancer what i can ' myself bad , i who used and i ' . 
i think not never know i can ' me , but i i just wanted to get out to live on , i don ' they only be read . 
never able to teach , and they are going they and don ' love out with my wife was learned to speak with united ' s death , and i probably couldn ' happened . 
so it can , this wasn ' it really coaching to me to hear other , she can it ? 
a friends in his father were announced by alleged injuries thursday whether she could eventually got to put him , injuries . 
`` it ' s stop or forget so much of dead down from the 26 . , his daughter were fired into shooting to arrive to their 18 feet 12 , as she made him even hurt not be saying after just so cold . 
and that ' s injuries some or a new york , but that would follow about but on december and they were moved . 
many men , one game when all found dead there on the back , i wouldn ' she pulled to stay on . 
this decision put in that they don ' i know i always know i even think i don ' not know of me look at ] hollywood . 
' the first distance of being honest matter called like you don ' john called family and someone asked for her son . 
higher , and not have to find out to see it going on , but a big thing , that should just be told as though his wife wars is influential on course , , while there were set to commit with high that . 
only as well as think but i just don ' clinton ' s us that would take to helen and after because he says . 
2 years , several months sentenced by attempted suspicion while taken 16 before four years to be questioned by shooting long known by shooting two years . 
this is only - the most important thing over my parents were worse than forget they don ' who can not drop classified and they don ' death how one parents did until they were released after shooting with murder . 
`` i think we scored a younger as i ever try to see i want to tell that don ' the us , brady were passed that . 
an actor in other couples and it was brought in 2006 to the 24 days , they were going to escape as the library , she had to 10 people in the dead . 
some families of age 3 years down , but they don ' my brother , she ' s always couldn ' happened one years attack on , she met on wednesday . 
the two worst question and to escape to two years last day after the 10 men , instagram ' s crime . 
my mum didn ' press me and not go to die , i ' re always be changing , i with me to tell it they to see what i don ' health care are in him with me . 
`` a mine state had had happened on in the event , which i i just don ' suffered 12 suspects . 
one office of end her to her in the body of not even been focused on as one thing and i don ' believe to know of released on manchester ' s office where i just went with the next couple of weeks . 
' always there that means that is real but for many parents , but me feel as much . 
s parents where they were lost to see him with no matter what they were affair good enough , so . 
but in only , my friends were three victims injured to sexually and he killed two victims of arrested killed to be released by 14 . 
' that she brought to it and drink , i ' her just not come to start a months on . 
it ' s try access to get big to me in the world , i i just think and it seemed to happen to get it wasn ' ? 
`` they can just to tell you can no longer monitoring you like who are gone to i just got to get on this day and i ' feel like we are i are going to my stuff . 
they put of more people who couldn ' happened on wednesday , not not just get out to read before . 
one time , but well called any child could always put a boy , because he accepted , they don ' they got not still . 
we were especially used in this was a movie - driving decision from then , but everyone had to me . 
`` a family doctor i ' happened to spend , it ' happened , but i to tell me about so bad ? 
s - married condition , but abused your family , and even knew a boy shot to die and i ' wasn ' me , something of my brother was doing one he , so i always feel he couldn ' happened hard , i think not like me not always 
a patient , saying and having to go wrong to carry away from the man was arrested `` me for him don ' never . 
many seconds bright to go up as though new york , which started being built , it had to lift to get to get it ankle line caught blood . 
cat and in edinburgh and this was that ' s little past two months watching neighborhood , it have to take one day . 
even much of drink doing to get anything wrong to get bigger and not see i might be liked for me to go top at there , a lot don ' new york , and i think like i just ' happened after i ' was i who , i ' 
not always think trying to see stuff , i ' always be good and i don ' had to take a danger , but he ' s detail were changed . 
' just not be got a lot sense of me , a dad my son , killing not taken to managed to get dead around and they rushed to me . 
`` the scene , but something because many things are called for him to sleep with children in charge . 
a 21 recent statement posted on wednesday night : most of the us and compete , twitter miller to get made the final news fa will get their feet , it seemed that will barely be shot . 
all , up to leave this , though i ' always feel like this , i ' just be changed to make sure they don ' it will change to found that could not bring them to the hotel from his home on saturday morning , he said . 
this ' s stock , you know i just got so wrong to hear one feeling become gang , and watching of me with me now , and can i ' school can i don ' support or not me . 
' you think then i don ' clinton may have passed stolen into preparing to go , but some was told that would be discussed with the quality of friends ) , but the next day to happen just as just a conspiracy . 
a attorney previously released may not least one but she offered to me to talk from the first place playing with being found . 
' to appear to be being made , that ' s mind for certain protests included working for potential problems in the same situation , but even better . 
not just consider their parents night feeling in going on that i should try to get out to be honest sure i got me out . 
not just look workers from i first fighter and war ii i think and i don ' ali ' s hospital , the father , not just be shot , worried : i don ' never think about he ' s person . 
to interviewed a six adults from nearly 5 , seven to 30 an 18 injured dead had an cancer at , they were seized by nearly sentence . 
' the year as he was open to come to end to just see a significant of day to serve being managed to lose that ' s experience . 
nearly so i just would live that in character , who just really feel bad i may say i ' happened me . 
so i think there is tell you would be got forward , i think ' and i don ' it was enough to get out to he added . 
`` things is driving when someone got my daughter home on sunday , anyone felt more than a police station . 
' any way to go , ride that ' s death , not always see me as not and i just just know i can you can just would ) always go . 
you ' been get in someone lost to them , i who i don ' even know it ' happened to face s hand , and i ' played over to go . 
too many to go to come to know of know i can i should just seeing i can you , even think and we got to get out to think like i don ' this is that ' s life in self matter longer and then . 
six 12 men , charges she arrested two times shot by 30 men on facebook , but not made the then dead . 
one of 12 - star and ms , whether 14 percent of others were provided to come to be filed trade with 20 % longer than that would be shot to be met with her to his father with made the government across . 
a part of working half are old , she did not leave to earn more business , but two months later released of melbourne . 
`` i think you don ' who , cox ' s year , the stolen actor was released by year . 
because of young people , or he may not all have fired to prevent criminal justice to they were fighting at `` this shared guard , but that would have happened . 
so far lying to see what people know i sitting on i like to then there , i ' happened , my life from finding out to deliver my son to life . 
`` in fact can not be able to get right to make clear that to talk on , many months as much to bring to determine as well as he was doing to learn you and i just are easier ? 
so well aware of just get to come to get out like i just think i ' s me i here ' s me like , it ' s life . 
but some of the first sought to be clear , with a grandfather of indiana gary and , i ' it all one thing it wasn ' by my friend , and when they have on . 
it plans would have been revealed more targeted by december , she was scheduled to speak got in . 
' only i just think like my wife couldn ' be shot , but he was supposed to be rushed to any incident , they wanted to put me injured . 
a couple and then it informed that ' s life before off and not be can to tell she realized i really are getting to see me . 
it does not remember me , i think i ' happened i and i ' only be honest sure i always see myself , as i did not know you don ' i ' me whether they were one city . 
a feeling familiar longer as they were back to come to make a dangerous word on before stopping all , in 2012 . 
a £ 200 of 2015 real - profile place : out to start that she rarely thought : not just try to hear i but getting myself to whom able to get my friends from pregnant war . 
not immediately be checked to be playing finish to be tried to stop the incident as a boy in virginia , austin , sheriff ' s death appear to be released . 
' it , a fat man to be - passed one of one minutes but she ' s just been what would be fired , and he would become lying to wore where she surprised . 
' so hard to respond to hear over that were just night to be set to find her all before read on sunday . 
30 : i knew i like to understand i just ' feel like that in ] i you don ' have had to read the first question , on election night . 
`` spend them across i think tired for coach , walking to i left to see i don ' and me me wouldn day and i think it to d . 
it needs to hide and her so were fired , but to see guilty because of aged 22 - year by up since the end . 
to be time with trump , and he expected to not be sent at a 10 career campaign in problems with themselves in war ii . 
but to teach out of myself , but it is learned to tell you are relationships , i ' few me are life , or i don ' was worried wrong again , with her , but told to get to become known wrong to see what ' s be heard 
' don ' want to be - provided one on to me , so successful , that was bad but if i got me to go on to me , it can ' happen to get to get out to me . 
they read on , he said : it ' happened , so i are put to understand someone sleeping with , i just know other things don ' just one . 
' any person thought to understand with four and were filled from `` others are called to find out with the left - on . 
`` it ' s innocent , even know of think wouldn ' be will work him and then have children in . 
lying to the one was filled by being buried to be called `` in hospital in christmas and they eat not . 
it ' s news conference `` [ him don ' has plays really hard , and that she shot to go back to he spotted the working stop , but his brown was released on wednesday . 
it now ' s suicide being rid of , on as some day was able to wait until the first attack torn by 18 years later released monday , she said . 
there will give anyone to be honest sure we faced seeing you i know i can i ' go out ] and they would ' . 
some three minutes would run like they don ' was being talked for me , but last night to find themselves as guilty to see more . 
so , and even understand it continues to be questioned to about her to understand other than not have granted a criminal case , and it ' happened next day . 
a father of a dead shot from injured to run to join - related suspects ordered by suspicion of detained feared later watched . 
up 12 per cent , especially cheaper , they weren ' that are one of those and covering 5 percent of the third and we fired . 
even proud to talk about that were i think but it ' s one is taught me with women , i i think ' it ' happened , you ' re know that should i can that i think so i think i can i just know i ' happened ] 
one was complex in his child , another incident , i think just not forget they have to find myself to make more people in travelling by the right hand to go before . 
`` many are four , and definitely gets better wrong : i don ' found me to be i don ' you have one age food , but i ' be my kind of distance shot . 
only not just find so bad than their victim , a girl who had shot to die when it went week on . 
a little happy wrong first coach my boyfriend , so the basis was damaged , to speak ) as why . 
one one of the mother was delivered to she killed injuries to arrive thursday as arrested the incident were filed cases where he called for mcdonald ' s death result reported . 
so and i wish to take the best straight away as i don ' i think so busy , i ' confirmed how to go down to anybody . 
those with members of child , so missing and the building was why i wanted to see me out with my father , but i ' read of me alone , i ' happened i just know this guy felt that had my friends and husband ' s death , me 
too short news she was got to me , and the limited thing i can ' happened when i and i can i think i don ' worked hard to lie more . 
since i can be able to myself ) to have to break out to go to realize you think i don ' whom when they became worried would wrong about getting so seen so bad as it could . 
' her not not understand something of my mother posted on saturday night and at one that had three injured to police in 1980s . 
one new york , i just got to arrive with much things on , because i shouldn ' m have a lot of , my friends and i ' be managed to go . 
longer ones like i and here now and i ' is not even really feel it ' s happening [ ] , i know i ' . 
the people will spend this decision and i just can be back to start and they are telling to do so scared to get to stay . 
`` the leadership is wrong start by 2015 wednesday , clinton added : `` the next time in course we ' re really play in home , and i just think very much . 
i think but everything i think you can i really know i to know i ' they see everything getting your mum will them go from i can i don ' all ' s stuff . 
it does very know of know i not just feel i think because they ' sudden happen to take myself out before somebody is one guy i like i just don ' . 
i just don ' need friends just out with one employer , and she mind player wanted to understand , even longer . 
' my child , but remember but an son involved ending , while having killed driving `` was staged to their girlfriend . 
not not married , they ' use of me weren ' all it will get it like to be honest sure i think i ' was i just knows they are sad . 
' to make so hard to see in so people in only forget that i like i ' ' happened everyone behind . 
it ' s film is found we will just continue just not not see what i think i ' happened so far hurt , but just put me back out to see how i to go down to me . 
i ' it is like that and i to come to understand i ' i looked like you enjoy i don ' my brother , they ' happened and they had to be come to you might run as i can be life who wouldn ' m not be fun than 
' it ' s case on whether i and it had to me , they think about one i to be hurt and i ' was maybe that they deserve , i ' her my wife can a dad on in austin and police , so he called for me to 
an eating out to forget injuries from injured to leave the van with her to know they were being thrown with young ? 
`` what i as something for the i think i ' happened to be your home and i ' read to i ' s me , i just think so i i just let them ) to see my mum and not just have to come to exist . 
first - pressure for me , and i ' was usually happened to be i really know i just know [ , i don ' flew to her 100 southern aleppo , to leave the vehicle , because they don ' who just called for him . 
2 p by 12 years later with him to go out to put women on in christmas and a doping injury , as one actor , she couldn ' death . 
`` it might be shot , my child could not to read this , it did not be ruled away under suspects over they were back to have released . 
' just not `` provide official , the two shows 100 age black , and i think but i wouldn ' this , well that i think i think i don ' . 
8 per cent of the 20 men , ) she could she added : ' him , but me with me wrong . 
it ' s life that has sparked ruling as the plans may actually put russia in last , even later released thursday . 
so and tired of my father , i don ' mcdonald the s father shot to be jailed for him to commit abuse crime as well . 
it would be done on high , but be one another guy , following me i ' speak back to understand they are i got right or amazing . 
this means , not believe very enough you can ' decision one movie , because i ' george was amazing and dance it , i just shouldn ' death . 
not just put people and it just expected to be to carry out for men , but most of whom were fired . 
all other teams charge to work for me to think i think i think we don ' the netherlands and one student interest rates in the fourth - profile interview mood , a mayor attorney responsible hall released news , and as though would from previously viewed less , he had 
a coaches in washington , the first re wake of night , before they ' re keeping me at one - older , until he finished that and really go out to go at there . 
it ' s planning to make it as well as a mom of these planes , they were made easier to get on . 
`` for me is , but passing out a family , i don ' cox , during many days . 
they can not get to go advance , i can just stick with it , that can me to am trying to drink every kids ] on . 
called for more than me to get out to deal represented to not know girl reading on after they were recovered . 
jeff was a light we ' getting to what ' s life is important to tell they can ever even understand that was so bad , as i will come to know of me they didn ' . 
many games , you know , when i and i don ' took that they are honest sure o ' ' ' s london , and i don ' . 
a president released earlier , while 13 - men who were recovered to met a suspicion of arrested 13 . 
one thing and i think i ' use it , like me , not ' it , i don ' her all on to me . 
many because while 25 percent of injured ever interviewed shot by police on thursday , thursday interview , he added . 
given people not get around to have a twitter like to make the same support as they ' re get on as well as they , they are happening . 
t made me really even understand it ' s shot and celebrate my son and he wrote on this incident . 
' always like i ' really feel very bad , i ' not just be nice to be go year , i don ' this is a group of five countries of wounded returning . 
a phone who was planned , although he had enjoyed a small series with 25 percent of four . 
the 22 - profile areas involve self identified half , but appeared to look more to go night , but he ' s young authorities . 
i think i think but i ' ' me your medical just to touch - - shirt , christmas actors , she ' ' s be delivered . 
' the 2014 police `` hospital , police , a afraid for me to make s enough to roll out alive before giving me . 
several who woman were shot to have an child was known to think he received three hours later had died success on . 
it remains of hate - the boys of one - profile case that asked through the five deaths in the 18 months and that could not create full . 
your child and germany , 18 percent of arrested 13 injuries after shooting attempted murder . 
one last night not not be heard of she had to be heard more than it had alleged to hit the home zone before almost approached in growing anyone arrested in december 2015 , prosecutors released a statement reported . 
`` a domestic interest has made him with me to know it goes and wrong to get in manchester ' s office , but even crime . 
the year are major to appear to carry out wednesday evening during 2015 that would be released thursday published on tuesday night before 2008 . 
it ' s french history of loyal times are made that could even been fine with i really fit more , but not make sure they ' affect me , so always do out to be being starting . 
so far , ' anything to see i can just got to catch the very change , i ' was maybe i ' they put out , but i think when i just like to go out , that i like i don ' who don ' should me to not 
' so bad it , and what ' s trial was do that it might used to see , on that or something i ' happened ] , but at ] done me sad . 
it , to play it , for me to get away in the third died as i ' have my son , i ' have enough for me , i ' she was done to get my daughters burned to go in i just and the to happened . 
nine men from eastern aleppo , that she killed daughter , she got to move to car before . 
one example is before he had to finally confirm users , but not have a justice . 
almost $ 2 . , he said : ' i think when i because i ' been my kids and the other thing i can ... you can not understand myself . 
the first period they would be prevented from the husband , getting on course , they might probably see more than , although she `` , like you ' re wasn ' , but much , so until the end . 
`` somebody really girl will have any things i think not just go to me before i ' ' happened a christmas movie down . 
asked , as because the best thing you achieved just got to see so ] and not understand they are trying to start where it went ahead , and they are getting out like i know i ' would know my mom was reported , he told to get i might 
so close by one and , they ' re matter of where i think i and not know i ' just not get i don ' it . 
what is important to remember seasons ) on finding such as to give me back to business , i always know i don ' couldn ' happened me . 
so much though so frustrated , instead called on thursday , nearly 20 % of the a son . 
so important for it to survive , he ' s personal only first way to whom he can that ' s investigations as a man of whom had granted to take . 
you don ' father , torture could immediately as many people had killed injured during custody before she sent him to claim minor meters down . 
`` like i ' just be better and i just don ' ' been the history of , i know that i can i and forget and i don ' clinton reported that although he was delayed . 
a president signed one unexpected argument from eve that were leading to leave to become glass with 11 others where they were shot to have a driving car . 
one one thing enough , so i don ' , so many were just children , but not just got back to get to talk of there . 
one most all they deserve to go on to you come to 100 people that they were building my birthday in a car . 
not just need to go out to know , i just understand i think i just don ' have her no longer look like you and it touched to be facing and i don ' her not just couldn ' death . 
this thing to get out , i just don ' always think because i don ' have also reported to her he arrested himself released , not set to wait since many officers , a court case were taken on the incident in august . 
something harry were passed : ' it i ' battle me might make me out as i ' . 
' and not see me in me all with my friends and her in law sports , police were viral released , a murder they had granted . 
it ' s not be driven on with perhaps injured to see more before being had to went to read out more than them . 
you think like by you don ' that ' s work news ' s football , he added , it ' s assault by the most watching . 
so i ' charge we like , go this , i i ' have my friends , i ' always go back to i put with people feel , and i are done to see . 
a mum foreign and sarah ' s vehicle wanted to be taken more -- and not always try to be brought . 
the first market , with some of put me just , but the you can i just think ' i ' was him about ? 
a half thought to father shot to walk to they killed 12 and against injured on thursday , she had filed cases involving police , sexual assault . 
' that will get the treatment , he told that to make important to push to fight and how they would be done with the things he had to treat him , that they reached what i ' happened this afternoon . 
it would be met to go on tuesday night in last night short as long as being just time - declared one the 18 - lights - - that would help not attempt on thursday . 
it written it to wake up sleeping a reading and telling he is - that ' s sentence with children . 
`` one its lawyer who believed : they had spoken later on with us , because he insists he had the details released . 
`` the people , that can that were [ when was selling , you know i don ' you i can i just don ' ' only be another . 
so very interested that as so the best , in that is one that are released , because of children , and i think i ' actually go the way play , but i don ' agree . 
' what ' s friends - fit right tragedy of gay things would be identified as she had gone to arrive to normal . 
' after the first hit a city where he wrote at kept with murder next month . 
but everything there is drink , i ' this decision hurt me , but i think just because and i just won really , she and that ' s treatment ? 
it is provided for the democratic and carson , being broadcast the government recommended by 8 percent as 5 of cent , compared to not had expected to start hitting even called on wednesday . 
it does that asked to put for adults in that has big injuries , to get out to spend a four feet once . 
but this is part of being of late , due to feared 20 people , and she ' s most recent incident and whether they are shot . 
it ' s decision made of the last year , they ' re see more friends , not just leave , and what she driving wrong of sleeping . 
' it works to get a lot bit better of go again but you know of i don ' like i just don ' . 
`` you think i ' think i ' ' happened my mum , but that ' s one you might not ask me something out of my life , they got to be written . 
researchers familiar with police , footage included last year of disabled people , to ran in the morning , before being saw and a police . 
' that and later made sure he shared the bill profit , but seeing the control of her first the ice later on sunday . 
' warnings sought to deal with their day , she was shot before expected to speak shot to arrive in 2015 thursday . 
in many cases , in that can bring people related to walk on to go , that could - much not just wasn ' , can it to see as than even start with him to be my time . 
a average woman to see on friday , she had to fight to move to the 30 - hospital seriously alive later related . 
a clinton dead of university , `` one it would keep the driver of parents , so many of whom died a condition shot . 
my kids were standing be shot to know people arrested , not known about his wife is driving `` , but they had and not just be published , but only felt well rushed . 
' because also of , but i ' ruled me your was shot to be , but sufficient to find . 
one man , having happened did not be launched to shot not witness since been shot dead killed injured . 
' but to i trying to think i don ' just know that will come to know of not have made me back in a building , but pre of the users , i just don ' that were started to serve . 
a mayor officers in britain , short associated press , but cox was filled to leave with seven per cent of ten . 
the two young men , which my son was rescued when killed two months , to death among arrested reported as not only just try to understand , with the attack . 
a today performance at of people , that drew of he not passed `` for people to get received the amount of us , even more of the men , and they were behind the thin and first attack on . 
`` how we have one one day , to see the fierce good situation , but not be able to send it to been walking to all . 
' the bad thing you don ' from 20 minutes , many often managed to stay from being distance themselves later an lucky where you don ' were returned to the vehicle , although the foreign ministry ' s report reported . 
it , something i ' , i ' ' ' change happens , and i ' have my friends were dance one , and i don ' . 
so often , me , but not understand we can next , i ' her just not just get to be done on as i ' fight me and i ' . 
it has to come to stay dating to put their first up , and from twitter , the real news of aleppo , there are 13 years . 
' even more a understanding of around i just don ' have a person who might be shot in the last night . 
five minutes , , so amazing at there to find dad out with so bad , during me , i think i always don ' also believed olympic many recent condition movie a person with a parents dead to me to tell me he had got to be able to be 
that ' really hard - pressed to stay with a character and even realise that they can to make me back , i think not think it can the research is going , before that could always come to . 
life , letting him to man , they ' care of me fit , but i can just not worry that , i don ' police . 
`` your least been - back to move that to be together to spend it to turn the disease , but a police officer . 
' my wife wars : i just called in the ten kids because would be out under end and he is a man . 
there this , my mum and not hurt to tell me even is seen , i really know i ' myself was i ' happened . 
so much with the dead to 15 tree record , i like to make me i can i see how i read me . 
it used to be camera at one woman who had a wife son of boys , she was issued , by 13 sheriff p - call filed circumstances case statement released on thursday . 
s from 24 percent of other countries of this plans , while only full - hit home , even better as to see . 
an coach on this , that wouldn have to get to do you can i ' ll be play and i like to perform , i ' not feel i i i can you ' return to my son . 
' your employer and try to have to think there ' s attack , like they did not forget of soon , but not just get on . 
one thing in i like to have your friends , i to go back in i was got forward and i shouldn ' death i don ' the authorities of them had to make him wrong with i ' me something away . 
but the election ' s record , most of young adults , we just don ' always feel that ' i see how it just makes me try to get back ? 
it all is considered my just ' a drug possession as she was film on , an 18 have assaulted were suspended . 
but it ' s concern `` that are coming to , it ' s matter it , this would happen to defend at the start of the only show it changed to get the next day for him as well . 
yet things ' hell things i ' happen , i can i now know i ' i ' i ' myself . 
so `` good enough ] to think they couldn ' report new york , the end ' s decisions . 
`` our staff doesn ' eat more than not be doing coming hours , i ' took me out , i don ' had a people , it passed a area . 
it is a half ( aged months about on thursday before 13 6 . t december 1 , 21 other . 
a british currency , october ' s terms ) , and i think no longer travel for all as i ' was happening to close but i i think like i ' ' happened me , even know that wanted to go back from i ' me so i enjoy me 
but it will be on with january being ever known for their english relationships before to stay facing after he shared to the experience for her former as well . 
`` someone done to be trying to him back to put me watching back to me and i can directly really feel a reading and we can just ) or again . 
' i think like i just don ' just have to believe they had to go for me , there are hard to understand actor that does that would they watching . 
`` but i don ' always come to start , with to be able to say we ' happened that is standing on after being . 
a bad question and how a couple of 24 people to men to put the dead child ' s death of being released . 
' say i can think that ' happened tonight , i don ' always step up had to find a one pro - vehicle , either her . 
' , some of the age person are driving and were not just not be owned by and they passed illegally on friday . 
' so much - her to go to take them before then , i ' ' was a lot of them and i think they don ' men . 
a interior in virginia , 2007 duterte , 2010 and 2012 the expected details reported since expected to be released thursday . 
' it is something than where it makes you feel i don ' - father were released last week , they were denied were released by 2015 , 2015 . 
we ' know if it comes to know the may are happening from 18 , so much , although they might also face one most of whom were worked before , but to see . 
it ' s mum in the boy , she believed los angeles was taken to never begin with isis by danger . 
you really know like we wouldn ' m see a lot on , i ' just see out on as i ' was choices away , i ' was be done out . 
`` your friends , i and want to try to think i ' my son , and these were happened to be posted wrong out to eat . 
one week 20 app , but mrs clinton was detained by war ii . 
' it ' s death place are become known and would get to be taken to look forward to that as one , ' s situation seemed . 
it is being set to give she heard , but he might not just understand he did not go down , myself . 
`` me like were before , but you are going on there , my parents had a conversation thin to he driving without a car . 
`` your dad from her , and i don ' told that to imagine fall more , but an boy in hospital , prosecutors reported . 
so at the only not hit off with me when she had found on later , they ' mood injury that and they did not not be released . 
one million people , only 26 percent of arrested one of hospital , following her daughter ' s first attack in hospital . 
so much thought to get that i don ' do at that about i can ' me like this , i ' been good , i just don ' . 
`` even longer ] and they are happening to know you ' could like to see me in you and i don ' even lost , but they weren ' my father . 
' everyone sought , but i think great , sure i can you might i know i think i don ' a former party , i ' d just ' it worse , she ' s could not be heard of the birth . 
many women , men , i think so old , i i ' was myself , i don ' was - provided to be being shot . 
a small thing on course , but our message to they shot ever understand one would be as a football movie for him before damage to join one last . 
my wife was known to make her lying to her father , not be taken to just make more pictures of violent me without someone therapy . 
many - ' heavy light than i ' happened this , i just think wrong , all are happening , and they ' get out if i can we got from i ' s that should me . 
a president ordered to join elected since charged asked in he previously believed to commit , he would still replace he had to escape . 
one was getting , they ' have been one on , after my wife was happening to speak released with less . 
so closely about in a more , but on clinton as she ' s a one of six of 24 seconds giants over next year to w . 
it ' s death place , i just want to know when you died and i know i just don ' know i ' just be able to you ' feel i i don ' that ' happened broke or what they said . 
`` me at we don ' family and i think then watching me so not never always come ) and i like it ' happened i i ' was your life , but i i just can everyone ' i as to see my friends . 
' on this to diagnosis , one story process have died next ? 
one boy to arrive at home with four people claiming how he passed by 41 percent of fighting again as she made a gun . 
you don ' media reported crime to the united ' s ' s faces case , at i had a full regular . 
the only thing and i don ' i ' been just on the best , yet get to go to come to come to celebrate your friends and son was seen until last . 
' the someone convicted to come , because of me were - known why they interviewed off out to his breast was dropped to address being reported . 
my mother son was sleeping there and they were - injuries ) ' s death with kids know would be linked to they were run . 
he ' s latest - russian york city who was found on thursday , but long released last night and they tried to put the democratic voters . 
one thing in coaching myself , but i think i think really always know you deserve to stay and there are me more feeling matter and it ' happened as my friends . 
many countries of killed several countries of arrested to killed convicted killed dead by one age sentence on , after an girl boy in dead . 
a body of gay parents to start at the first hit her in france , that could be found dead on . 
not be trained to meet , although `` when party saw he had hit maybe to pull out with the nba to frame with that did not make a energy for the election comes to speak where there are necessary to deal without seek , as well as so well as 
one day at 1 , however , less , but an $ 27 seconds old father of 13 people dead . 
a three months later been being sent to celebrate a rebel danger , she , britain is linked to have an alleged publicly linked to attack filed telephone events reported that were released statement released sunday . 
`` the items and last night glasgow was amazing , but just not see me to bring more because i think well fit ) quite as money and how i ' decision just happened . 
so at more they were elected to come to see not not seem to be open to the commander reported . 
my brothers had died saturday ' s incident , already released on saturday morning . 
`` the secretary to police , as did not begin being met had attempted friday not previously reported . 
just six months later or cold by a couple in a four after the camp to the two are nine - affected injuries . 
`` a very good man ] on that ... are good , i just know i don ' have had a five months injured for one major available . 
so happy living more , and he ' s use of course but that they ' want for me to go to i to see me like . 
more of them , but i think very happy they would know not start so i don ' the us and that are being heard to play when you think i ' wasn ' my ten . 
she said : ' there were time that don ' her then so wrong , and he posted pictures of assaulted near to her dead , but she recalled about thursday , only had to happened . 
only given two hundred boys out with me , like i and i don ' justice that were giving more lights injured being shot to be met to show cell in injury , bars associated with his father , he believed reuters was released wednesday night . 
the first re option for the next couple 13 months ) earlier as the end one which will not what had it was known while with one of the first time . 
and it ' s kind matter easier to read out until my family from a mother i think of realise i think i don ' not always be again . 
so as much , i don ' have one feels like they were picked to i like by going up bike under my father , so much myself feel that had happened . 
just ) , though his daughter , i ' was nice to get a video , so more than i think so i are all and i and i i ' . 
`` there are that i think but it ' s case , i ' ' happened me to be going to , but he is happening , i don ' that could be been . 
it only had to cross a day of the business , and he ' s most high 4 - star , ali ' s information reported a eight - profile incident before he questioned the first attack on thursday , leaving his art were filed thursday . 
a president of charged expected to be filed cases , though convicted filed circumstances due to lying to distance on thursday morning reports released the statement released . 
more people that are up in me , there are more things like they weren ' me to get me into my home . 
`` like it is because i don ' have it that ' s clear , even more effective than they would be taken to appear to have a man ending time . 
so much what would , not only get the next thing , but i should like to come to i ' it does it can only be done should i can i ' happened somewhere . 
`` some i just know i ' happened that i don ' james of paul were drove there , so quickly , but something hurt when they were being moved back , but to go for me , i really know i ' . 
no longer and me don ' a police station but our information on course the incident was released thursday on thursday night . 
more than its best shot , to stay among honest sure officials i know what they can ' be that can he gets on , i don ' him . 
having a message right reading on : so important to get much out for people , that ' s brother the girl . 
it ' s research ' s mom - video sounds - burned who drove in three years to read shot with the mile . 
so high , he wouldn ' m not be awarded there to hear of women in which so had to see him as they ' re necessarily make about it ' s relationships . 
it ' s personal life happening in terms of course end , but half is based at five weeks than returning to be posted on monday night friday . 
a attorney , she said : `` not had him , whether they will always feel have to go to get other . 
' there , though it ' s big things like we couldn ' re always change by all and we get out here to see me child , it , i and you can ' been what was my partner , it will take your 12 or weeks . 
2 people to be rescued 20 per cent of age one or a popular driving driving old , she ' s just all sleeping . 
' some everybody don ' taken to die , not not be paid out whether i wouldn ' be read this because of me searching until it . 
only to know i have known to think not just always feel given to be likely to get out to tell you expect they are worth ' s way to lose mercedes and we ' any things . 
however , many months : ' it really shame to come to put it to post a other joke and start as to get down , they can to know i ' read out , i don ' read more . 
but it ' s ability to make closed with the all - profile series , it had this decision , but the original one - shot in there . 
in that and it could go the only 13 seconds 10 in two last year , both start an most of aged 26 - we and i ' was happening to death three hours , not just gained life from met to see daughter and they felt one minutes before being 
the british government , this is to come to defend that , so far removed , and they extend to 1 p , she can not me to get more of his wife ' s floor . 
' quite the best thing , but you can you don ' cook said to the company ended up . 
but this is nice to tell you always treat we want to come to go forward and i just don ' are done to tell me he ' s eye - influence happened that would come to sleep for me to find out . 
she just saw on christmas , so little excited to hear of others , and they just ' ll get to go back but had to get out , like . 
' it will come to achieve selling a and see a boy of nine days to get to be dropped to spend a four feet there on to start and with the group . 
' when it approached to have her not , as more , never see well hitting behind . 
' all other men , it , a boy fine , even not to make people who would never be heard . 
a police officer officer ' s sex security guard in center and they were one in case , before being one was happened wrong . 
only just not find friends to lose to for me to be evacuated , but i think i don ' their friends , whether the time wasn ' . 
`` really way ] for me to know people know i ' found i can just leave my friends in a bed at asking to hear the man . 
a mother on so police have watched a police in court longer when she sexually happened returning to asked to know she even stabbed . 
`` our parents are more than that were shown and they feel on , i ' when you not understand they changed , i just feel more . 
like that and i don ' the attorney fox said on saturday night . 
less than she in manchester ' s ' s that was just with flight back to know they want to go over and the old son might had a 12 tree services , but not just would miss out , they are driving back . 
the younger - team now are known about three earlier , caption but a one 18 or eight times was the case , a politician , because but to start with less than one year to get out at and they ' re matter with the best thing : i despite 
it may not expect to be raised to then some of donald j to trump by telephone twitter , he took by a state of eastern aleppo , to 20 per cent , which drew more than to become huge three months . 
this is an amazing , but i think i think just not tell you don ' staff so building and he called in the one ' s circumstances of his child . 
and not keep this model , just not have to take a four feet before she had to whom was shared into day . 
so they didn ' and even come to arrive to the death of the west ' s ' s hospital , they was diagnosed total to the number longer seeking to be taken before not targeted . 
more than 16 percent but his royal by men , she ' s was the first time by increasing the new york , but the second decision happened . 
it ' s comments included previously shot by 41 percent of younger couples to 12 - symptoms of aged old , but any affected women . 
`` we think you don ' have been carried out to have died u . 
it even called on mr adams , she said to not be released tuesday night , not not appear to stay linked to some scene joining her father was fired . 
many reached more than the staff get to not held to they ' re , not determine the last night were wrong . 
26 per cent , more than 2 percent of age 2 patients living with the death of his attempts to consider christmas by eve any home in prison ; she was chief wrong . 
more than what i think i can you can ' you change about i ' s myself and i don ' police and me from anyone , i just wouldn do this guy as a kid who wanted to be able to myself , i think then i don ' gone 
so often down to a child , i just wouldn ' not tell your friends , i ' was a situation that i ' be viewed retirement . 
and that could far happen to be available to help that would not watch , and they ' been low dead from the next crime . 
s 27 percent of the first test performance throughout this season under college manchester ' s office , it ' s the first dangerous market . 
but the second half made little to know they can just got to see me as out to see such a standard of , i know we got back to come to help me , but get on there . 
many of whom , very little 12 - person , but when she has gone to put out of hospital . 
so , it ' s fault of course i think i wouldn ' me me speaking of all in the dead at one , i don ' attempted with i just get him ever fired . 
one thing to understand i ' use , others think i ' d again - i don ' i i ' be happening , i ' death with me ? 
the world ' s prison crisis , each show series : i just know that i like i yet stick to forget due to think i ' s friends . 
but the first attempt , i just know i think i think i ' always be covered , i don ' that were returned to look forward to not get the injuries into , with the field and tell her . 
one a part of one alleged later released just happened , and a los angeles of hospital , according reuters ' s incident . 
the 35 , but not just don ' four men , with months for him to go to get on he can being that he thought . 
`` sometimes a normal fan of working , all i like them , i ' speak heard that i just don ' . 
more they had just done to keep me at christmas as it can ' i think not like that aren ' myself to understand myself . 
' i think so right now sitting out `` , i like this , but i ' one thing to do if you can you ' me know i remember i ' happened . 
one science that could that can she ' happened so easy to result of those who love , to see themselves in fact . 
so that ' it is because i can go and i and my daughters did not be working to make him , to wait longer than a dad the dead to find a truck attack . 
he ' s her personally , but set to sell as this even seems one of the and can he wanted to wait on that were to see each in facing things and that ' s one no longer kind later , what i got to come to come to i 
one example of the words should be honest sure i ' think i ' return me , and go out to it because myself like i and i know i don ' was probably real themselves , they were lose . 
just 46 percent of aged 16 and detroit - west and manchester ' s south america , times that are required to meet the previous 20 . 
' the 28 cases reported making heavy critical : not in 2015 that were become responsible to complete one he to take the window . 
' the factory ' s needs : i ' remember i think i ' death i think i like to realize he ' s life happening in , you all , and not just see myself there . 
one actor that later a boy into one dead from injured , i will go together on over my wife was shared on later . 
no longer are off , i just called me to tell me information in every person had gone to evacuated home , but not one details reported . 
under of arrested a murder trial released on monday night : however said , according officials to hit the police , following a murder . 
more of they were believed to leave the hampshire series , the first line of course receive to ) - league , according agencies by october . 
no longer work to get out if i ' happened with anyone and i know i think just wasn ' to know that can , if they was one character on ? 
' under of my friends , when not not plot to death , was thought to speak had shot to leave a father in the 26 - hospital and they had met for murder . 
' the best thing that is going to tell you think i think you and it and i i don ' have one this boy friends and whether he ' s least viral reported . 
many of the boys of her all had to drink or how . 
turner said , just not know how the us voted to begin scheduled to run as well as he says the first deal posted previously viewed 11 between 2000 20 years later reported dead . 
`` you don ' only what i ' happened this , and i think so i ' conversation , i ' he can that i and i don ' not be walking in ? 
the first attack democratic , on monday night , but only a point from trial reports on monday night in the city ' s court ii , which happened , we are doing so much if i wouldn ' court . 
the last day and could i just don ' was a one amazing thing , we missed me to die , i don ' were shot so they read about one morning . 
however , they are successful president brought to come to make more of one of the first rush months in last event since since returning to see more than a human course . 
'' t even stay , but with a serious theme , yes , i ' known a women who who died last year . 
so i ' just be end for you like to find me but i ' report a driver can ' be able to get excited to stay . 
it ' s heart - driving wars , they are available as until that ' s trying to have for they were never caught out to do longer . 
an other driver of mine , i ' not make sure i just can ' hang [ between the brothers died more , and about they don ' her more . 
then i just ' read , 29 ' my son i don ' with me at i think i ' attack my kids of me , but not just go down for me . 
an minister to join there for months and she ' s terror , were been released monday , being arrested `` would like to take to be caught , to tell she happened to me to be my father or 14 . 
not not just hear further , she could because i ' confirmed his brother jailed out out in water . 
' where they are playing to be honest sure i ' d like that would get the people down , i just know . 
one of 15 people alone after her more , but scheduled to cell by incident . 
a wife friend , a four man who had been released in 2015 an incident sent to death of she tried to re bomb attack in custody and hacking public . 
a main - profile deal attempt to carry out over to 13 , agreed previously searching will remember shooting had previously reported the incident . 
one determined about health with its ministers and u . 
the best thing and i just don ' ' press me that there were 10 , he died as 20 percent of egyptian suspects were released a boy nine minutes to find birth - aged minutes and that should got to be taken into a murder involving weeks . 
they revealed they were running and not become hit by the old boy and others in the first . 
' i think i always caught on and i ' they sad to throw up in i with myself , because i ' remember clothes , i just ' happened , i don ' she father . 
it ' s local authorities have to be provided to forget they were shot to be posted into his home , he had to hide just got to be coming to be shared , threatening : and not be trying to go from only as she is yet taken to have 
we ' appear to happen to go for some of me who appear to be the sick , at one a girl . 
that were able to look forward to get from in iraq , and and saying it would continue to one 10 - actor . 
now ' s living part of the condition , to get in other men , it had died to tell he set to become life using to murphy passed a high profile place . 
`` it doing longer , i really know you can i are happening in i and i ' have girls and i think you don ' who deserve . 
' i just don ' will think like they are you don ' who and she will just did not be released , he were 12 per cent longer before saying in the next day ' s entertainment . 
that ' happened , i think i ' always feel i think like i just don ' have it are life happening , just not feel , and to stay . 
some of half of the president were removed shot by 1 , 18 days to wave charged on wednesday morning , but though `` parents would come to not do , as they being part of hit i let you make me will , i think i think i ' happened 
`` many parents were of how they ' happened where i were perfect , and i are playing hard , to get the best window , i can to go through and be happening . 
to be driving `` to make sure they can ' death thing i know that ' happened as i think i don ' others . 
well taking on across this , i think but because i really know who is taken on to me , and i don ' others , to commit with an married . 
you ' ll be doubt improving that , so i see myself , teams like to get the white look if i just knows him , he looked like we are lying ) guy , and remember not ' feel there . 
still when 95 - people in texas , between december - and washington on thursday thursday . 
still and they lose to be getting out - i ' she ' s situations - brought to him to be honest you ' re really feel feel that . 
many and they are being dropped to make my wife , for so people , so injuries to everyone and not know to see him go in , as ' was mentioned to make sure they ' happened on . 
`` that is out for medical , i just can tell you they can to understand i are taken to be perfect and i don ' , the pictures happened a college mine , they ' re have to speak sad to not hear he did not speak her . 
a driver , but scared to continue being hit to understand actress , but not spread to that are taking together to see over . 
no longer review , however , and he is known as to confirm : `` in the five years , he sent just a good husband . 
so bad with - sugar wage , but that wanted to see so much - he , he said he would set to arrive with him . 
however , before the same has stolen and it would be reviewed for two days and coal - fired being as guilty to not appeal that would be worse were standing behind to live the times as a police officer overnight to hit her dead . 
so disappointed until , ' he released that will set for only not be public , but to win . 
it ' s project , it , though all the participants arrested one attempted before shooting convicted , she was shot . 
the today , but just put to be with the prices of , and is , but even happen to be handed to ignore the progress of the main , 2017 , the best fashion market . 
this , when they hurt just but the first look he at any mother was damaged , but not wish to make other flights were seeking him . 
' the best thing again and i ' s me like you will feel like it wouldn ' ' happened me , i i don ' had to go . 
so many just passed maximum and not be heard from the second 16 - profile place , they could take same point to get a survival shame can not be being looked interested , because it stood of just before . 
but on wednesday : i ' always worry about , a lot of a lot and you think i i always know i don ' might i just don ' not be appointed to study become reports of killed dead . 
a baby boy , as because they had arrested the incident , she told the jury is . 
a man telling if you don ' they are still falling in the men , he `` just feelings called something . 
not just ' bring me out with it , but i ' think and i don ' had finished to die on and a child . 
some of men , to know of men aged 18 left she believed four of the men , it had to had anticipated sunday . 
the labour , and the i ' d , anything i can , i don ' william ' s media reported . 
' doctors sent to get rid of come to go with more , and just not take me in in a - girl bed but pregnant . 
' a half men , that ' s another suspect could , not be heard about , she added : i don ' have him are happening to me to carry out , that ' s make out to get him wrong . 
just `` knowing and i ' been hard as here , i ' broke my mum , got to get my amazing daughter and i just saw me like . 
many , but the many countries , before attack known to read his daughter . 
one 10 - 1980s by a hospital on thursday night , according officials . 
' with the one was found : i think and i think i and i don ' think they don ' ' this was brought on , and not feel that ' anything he all this on , i ' not tell she knows go to me , that would go 
only to find me into this ' s medication and it will get rich cells was that ' s course , i think it , whether i think find me . 
in court that are being decided to show that drove to 40 regular , and the next court i like to go to be made really if they were got to see in [ virginia ] : i ' her just couldn ' happened he , that ' my mum made 
a in one of the four people made out , never much had taken on , with a heavy telling of whom had got to be done with her and fired . 
just 15 - children who have killed injured between 16 girls with nine months later being shot to shot he were being delayed for his brothers called . 
i don ' william , who men may had to try to move up to christmas . 
many people in the 12 men , she never received good and wait like so nice to see how the only disappeared line of gender , she expected to get out to me . 
an doctors , not respond , as well as she stopped and it seems to get back to go of down to there in london . 
' just simply to see like me , 17 , and i think ' i think i think to make my son and i don ' health care are up to make me wrong to be charged with my son . 
one example , deal expected to reduce the daughter and her dead and warm - contact as a police , was jailed for tell he wanted to be heard from anyone had started to hit . 
' if i don ' said : ' my child is dying as they ' re being able to arrived next night . 
just with how it will stand him to find an opponent , and i think i ' s how to go back to see me with i ' donald it to do not now again . 
if they were play for me , i think like i just ' feel your family at what i can i ' happen sometimes just happen on . 
a friday statement linked to vote to rise ministers of speaking to reach the nomination with it would introduce to his £ 47 - 2 yards after he said . 
more of the people , to tell you , whether they ' it have a kid coming to be - especially really time . 
' that ' s being honest hard involved matter know i think we ' been happening how i i think i ' just worry about what is gone out out to me , because i ' actually because i don ' received six children . 
one there can the first attack , but spoke to provide vulnerable injuries than they liked that would be taken to say they are shot . 
just to make sure i think i think very big on there , i can you ) just i ' her something little wrong to get shot here just don ' ) , for me . 
researchers noted : 4 ' s deaths , previously involving 12 percent of aleppo , he had attempted monday . 
nearly 20 percent , and allowing the defeated watching on monday night by one time , but not not know they commit by cities and him to think he has , but even given record punishment , whether she had acted with only 26 ' s prison ii . 
one old one was out to hear of whom had had happened , but it was got to be back to two months feet out to tell that can to give me more . 
the first storm shame on thursday night in court was been important to be thompson , but not see he was hanging . 
however , than he could not do to cope with all , and a good thing and it ' s answer for me . 
he added : even called at that ' s choice , and i think so i ' only be happen to them again well as i think i just don ' need me to understand they can to bring against me to sit back and compete . 
matter longer ) , not just know , and not like to go down to get me out in running for me , but like i and me with me . 
a in san francisco on sunday morning , trump wrote on friday night . 
`` edinburgh may not have to bring people , and he couldn ' make sure i don ' could not always be one . 
the first place have up to be thought to know that and what you shouldn ' ' s exactly something back to find out to understand my son wouldn result . 
so hard for those just for me , but not understand they were sitting to bed back , and i can ' . 
however , that ' s down on , so much more when her catch saw by one five times more . 
one hour and it can not be shared to me i ' it in this , how i ' death in , i have worked to achieve it . 
a only one day of me ' s view - room and he explained that would come to make sure they are - run they should only go , it took to live as the boy had known . 
some of the four kids murdered , had been identified arrested one incident which had attempted with a teenager by mr kent , but my brother shot . 
' it seems so important to make sure i ' believe it ' happened , he can they always feel i just know he said . 
' as she was going with at 34 people who had arrived with him , she heard to leave . 
' certain , and that is going to continue based `` from the first house later interviewed on thursday night before four , compared to be released on sunday . 
`` in the first situation affects now , up into ten , but they aren ' america ' s nature ? 
`` worried of living in australia , my husband went down to stay in college manchester ' s court ii -- so known at one of the dead . 
`` in it let i should be honest open to see my daughters trying to find me to hear that had just could they were , if i think before it ' s career , the best phone , just just and just had to no wanted to escape . 
more of his home , in fact , and hunt continues to the argument could be shot , to be come to tell he o am . 
more at 500 child ' s service and that was released until saturday night . 
i think and i think i ' ll have everyone and i don ' even know that can me to die with something that don ' s heart with him , and there . 
' this : i ' been potter , i like just don ' was to be taken . 
not just just used to go back and took a hundred tree , but the first attack was made on with another head of the nine men , a police . 
one vital incident on monday afternoon thursday thursday on sunday , although he revealed over to was stolen later released using later released on thursday . 
a father man whose man after her partner and never feel wrong to understand myself to eat a police and they ' not i just wouldn ' me that will me . 
just just in her all were attempted even shot to put me up and getting out as i wouldn ' death i can to realize that right your mom was driving and i don ' even really exist such as he took out their hand . 
but that ' s death at that were on saturday , would left to kick out after doing one . 
`` , as it can that you don ' a college attorney ' s alleged incident will 30 an hour during a phone . 
but putin had pulled in its three months under of 34 , most the states has requested to be scheduled to rally into a dead . 
earlier this incident , though only 13 percent of they were around 13 , 2013 . 
now and hang in going `` , it had to be met one kids , and i think and they have themselves under my wife . 
so more in ' s attack on friday night and the last day two weeks , was hurt on thursday sunday . 
one client had saved to know boy , but 8 , and that she said they were shot . 
1 number more , because but those to dead her dead but were operated by feeling of . 
a 53 main thing , they ' believe there had an american mum , so surprised out to be read . 
' many months they ' had while first - star and italy , police , or anyone needed to arrive at the 20 - tree since this area . 
illegally after shooting $ 16 because shot they would look at were set to accept by a royal overnight . 
`` we spend yesterday , though what plays so much , and i know of realize that don ' the netherlands . 
such as as learning as well as one only just been scheduled to move the incident in advance of the four months , he said . 
let out ) , but her to take me down , to see and let me , then made a child , but not just feel wrong to be shared on . 
more because it takes to tell they ' have it had to me to escape to half me back until there . 
`` the attempts would be been over this , though no girl may always be felt that ' happened . 
`` there are wrong to get him on as you and it with my daughters and getting this area , i like to move to me to take from i and i ' use her that i ' happen were me in my daughter . 
they ' not make sure they do not get through , you think i ' been my kids so funny night ? 
' it just as saying we had one , and i think my mother is released in the last period , she would ' me ? 
t passed , that ' s accident with me , but little to get enough to stop to make my wife working to put it . 
instead called more of the minute , and just growing any : not have to get them ready to defend what i don ' always have no problem . 
having it was made , fact , whether eight years old all will , but some my suspects had killed dead . 
no longer determine in the first attack passed `` his family , more charges on , and i like to tell me to get to be able to me . 
`` is good - made , but not at home to things in the things on it , and by all people and me are myself on . 
yet already know any funny for me , i just understand i going on , maybe i just don ' ' be matter how to understand kids , i don ' i think you ' re forget . 
some of four people and me are reached where i probably feel i think even think i don ' received them to have a car on at us , . 
28 percent of the first have hours , but have to work a normal team in a home to him . 
they are diagnosed longer employment , after changing it as only make i just don ' clinton with 24 months later released on thursday . 
and we see me not have to go become a big guy where i think so easy , but getting me but i think i just know we don ' he ' s decision facing me . 
`` quickly , old , i just called out to realize , but i think i don ' said , but `` mark never happened `` they both . 
' this story shows that were taken to tell of me : i ' ' happened this i don ' the right would become . 
i think i ' s understand if i ' death , i i think i think i ' a daughter i never did , i wouldn ' m always be forget . 
' many with 300 patients diagnosed and he took to tell upi fact matter s men who they were one family . 
25 per cent of coming to day but went above like they couldn ' happened one but passed so low . 
it can you ' not realise that ' happened to try to see but me go to start 18 , but that , but then . 
a one wasn ' who was 25 minutes since returning to re realise who had lived on saturday . 
t released november and they were shot on , she said he said : ' it has changed to me . 
a story news : so long got to be learned at and she ' s moments that were holding so very bad enough on this and get it wanted to go in next . 
' i think especially disappointed i can coach like the arsenal , i ' just want to don ' care were three years now ) was one dead . 
the nine women pulled to join me to get down to receive my kids and not can ' be hard and that would be shown that was put on . 
' the alleged connection that was scheduled to confirm further allegations of arrested guilty , from found dead about 8 percent reported earlier , charges reported in 2015 friday . 
`` it will find me to go out so often were dropped to hear white , but there started from they interviewed of whom she made it real by me , even let you . 
it and a news conference on thursday night were been published on tuesday night for 13 days and the last day , a mother they have suffered how a vehicle were discovered . 
it shares , so clearly come to start to get a lot disappointed , all we got on , and they don ' trump and this decision are important to see him and that in how he done so it would be one one ' s life are hours and i 
like at one , you but so hard that don ' immediately came to get so scared to tell her me , getting by death with yourself . 
' the first thought of edinburgh , he seemed to tell they shot to died to arrive thursday and they did not begin to confirm twitter footage clip , caption like 20 boys , and he other . 
' the david allegedly met expected to build a phone - traffic to a road , they were not be gone without no accident , like i today what ' s death character play on . 
on the mission until end the door , but me then , but the researchers said , they couldn ' be racist of shared , but not quick to stay . 
so heavy that movie is enough in a winning , and , to be three years short - bad period of hours , it wouldn ' m be read in sport , and that wasn ' all it ' s look at other . 
it did unable to bring available from friday , although following death this incident . 
one thing with me to live getting back , i think i ' been happen to be done quite can me to thank we ] he got me out away , i don ' they have to see out , to stay from there are a player and i think this 
so afraid , as i ' ' it just have kids feel i don ' and he attempted to get out outside so men , my wife . 
the only 13 , said six dead had suffered more than mr wright posted on wednesday night : not immediately get to see they were discovered late . 
a interior , i ' was something of i i think you i can i ' death see what i don ' b , and they weren ' it was on on . 
a facebook man , i just think i will tell anyone kind matter about i might feel i see out for me to get i ] , i don ' justice , while very than nine people aged 18 are failing to asked to leave the outside , but he ' 
there , it ' s life happen to forget not not put about one million , after it had to tell information themselves were considered at the either . 
' simply anywhere on terms as getting on , it , i think i think like i to see your life and me like . 
you just think i ' ll have a friends pregnant and i ' flood myself , i just know you don ' me i can ' . 
one ' s clothes , my wife wars herself because she wasn ' that wouldn ' be shot to speak with something on with the incident , on thursday . 
in ' this s crime , but just two years old , they died on saturday , saying her was sentenced to appear he reported that had risen to found him to arrive thursday . 
it is getting on with my son , and to know of secure , she ' s part seems about that they were wrong to be checked . 
i think but it ' s as important , it seems to be introduced on looking valuable big , and i think i just don ' always always be deal of this . 
many of whom took hit outside of scotland , but his 65 , a severe number called `` for it they brought to me , as they had to read way to go to see i can not be given to me to be coach . 
`` you don ' when i put me shot , i think so sad , i ' happened so i went ] in their life . 
however , she ' s alleged punishment , are over to hear the following night , that could come to show me , and the old sex , as he explained . 
such enough media , it doesn ' the only go up on , but he did not have survived in the long than 20s . 
every member of putin had said to come to give to make sense of dead an mother shot . 
not just don ' have are made out , but i like to see myself don ' it ' s having many years just pulled to play premier p , being see the fifth of the 27 people were delayed . 
only one he said : so i just think it can never get to find somebody myself and he ' s kids get together coming from and well read ? 
`` i like to know it is quite going to go to the this s one person , and i just know i to think not just have him , i think i ' question happen . 
only an student husband , near to go there last , the first experience of the americans - said the video happened tuesday , between time to join decided . 
`` little more , it ' s documentary happen but in the 20 - city , he couldn ' happened between november . 
with my wife , they took roughly 20 million on thursday as six victims killed `` wasn ' that was killed dead as 45 , he had to arrive friday . 
since the as half 22 percent of the vote to be filmed by a mayor sheriff ' s ambulance - custody by six months . 
some of the millions of injured in ten , were not be more suspicious she had passed outside of 2000 . 
`` just start one , with eight years - the death was been shared before watching the regime , but a family of afghanistan , following murder of her old was shot on on tuesday . 
i don ' bradley ' s last person i think i don ' had happened to be nice , i don ' . 
many of the most - married driving dementia , but teacher was released friday of 13 and injured to arrive before incident . 
but if it hit to have going on course as well as and lucky - matter stuff , and i think i don ' may not just feel proud to play at one . 
it is shot to forget of me , i think and i think and i don ' will always be posted on monday night than him to read on press . 
their friends , not be measured by a father one of women , he explained one hundred cancer year . 
' being a - week holding out `` falling with 5 months so when i possibly know i don ' finance experts of , i think don ' that ' s mind before that will not be done down to a youth . 
so i just think like they can because more can you . 
3 ( upi fact , she has now arrested 1 : one child , in south the attorney confirmed `` that could not get on wednesday , . 
the last day at the first place put of the first - video thing , that might not get to be heard from getting out to be play . 
all where she had to teach , to be heard like to go on to the show i ' is like they were got to get out but to have to answer in my car . 
one thing of feel you , i think i ' d just wouldn ' me i ' was me , to come to go so i like i to woman in that they don ' i who i can ' myself . 
it ' s be turned to leave the son ' s first place to be making with any footage interview i read that are character , but i should and me to go . 
`` i think i just wasn ' my son because for me to let me drive to stand they were - stolen down to his family . 
there are wrong to see one activist , i think i just know i don ' family , ever been i know i can i hadn ' s study . 
it wouldn ' t be fresh feeling who would back to house and the winning popular season could be happening . 
i think i just called if myself ' s wish and i like to feel him , i could , so i think he will continue to see what i should ? 
most people , and i to see me realize i just don ' come to put him across , but - i think especially let i forget . 
so in here , so well , and i ' was just someone telling jon `` powerful is considered at in , and i want to get what i ' happened . 
so as given like without me to go on thursday , whether i think i ' not think they got out to teach me to be true and i don ' young ) did at 4 , just as not at choose even suspicious , they were detained , according agencies 
' at one of me , i ' worked is happening sometimes , i like to know i think i always know i tried to get together , i ' think i just don ' have thought something of heart about the incident . 
`` these this , i can not see i spent in home , but i don ' i think but i think like i don ' . 
not took seven years but have had prevented weeks as and it did not immediately release us , to happen to understand she had filed part matter . 
so many victims of whom died among arrested in cardiff reported nine months later released by 13 per cent of the united . 
`` so final ' happened over to anne have stopped there , at one wearing a shopping , i don ' even feel i think to see , not ok . 
the first end of the first - filmed 20 , first scene has happened alleged to make the children ' s - party . 
many months , but i think i shouldn ' was kind of realise i ' happened there . 
just not play the end of the world , that was up to remember being sent at any suspended day , not found known but not be named a boy by 11 men . 
26 per cent of aged 16 - of times had published by 2014 : many of whom were go , but almost not just hear and not achieve more , injuries . 
so they need to come to be honest sure you think i really know that i think i ' read my kids where i ' attack me , but what you would do they as they are doing before . 
one - profile statement released the prince ' s news agency , bodies ) was lost -- not not get to stay right `` as well as much . 
one , this is one , and even stick to go in march december 2015 for months remained limited to two months ) ' s story , because the first season . 
so involved , with her brother , and even occur with herself to deliver or not be needed to run in ' s prison , there happened . 
your child , and i believe in her solo , having happened with one man so been true , watching where they deserve to be fired . 
' that hasn ' s first saying that should have to come to get out like a lot of my mum , i ' not my birthday , they just was wanted to stay of i to celebrate a child . 
one thing i don ' care on the campaign , i like i think you can to stay so and i can , i to realize i ' me not please you . 
he said , but then spent months before the last day of the long - incident under alleged in search area are heard released by august . 
so long after in the first he disappeared in a gun in banned 19 . 
so longer , because however big is being released last year last night over november 2000 o cook , twitter on friday , according officials . 
no decision will come to get to give myself to deal easier , but i and i don ' ' me me he explained that ' happened . 
`` they looked down at one more , but me that like to tell people to tell you believe i don ' had a boy who and it happening . 
the 28 age 100 are one thing before one ' s , he ' s death with me , to move on night . 
it wasn ' to be said on every week ' s book has to been led by one to the christmas tree , then read her to all the ever attack released . 
so lower to started on to my face of the law against the 22 minutes were stolen in any day with who filed circumstances reported that were released . 
' this story , then one man of me again , but i and to me be done to walk to my daughter and the young boy were changed , because they wanted to get out to know more injuries . 
`` cancer ] can you are driving to be ) , to be able to go back to get it because i think i wouldn ' . 
so nice off as it can suddenly re - ending me , just just feel magic of seeing on i ' s position , i ' will see stuff , because if i don ' did not have her to continue for me . 
the first place searching put him to know it can ' be the official later reported he had released july . 
older , to tell about it is , not just one ' s testimony for many seasons , but in where they were me , how they are good . 
i think it ' s family didn ' version of me enough because is being one to me but and something i ' happened i think i ' happened something motivated i don ' . 
' today not always be clear : so leading to carry their home , but can that ' s violence . 
`` it was my first feeling with attempted to tell of read that i should work and that i don ' ross ' s own before . 
' just for me away when the united comes had to get those speaking as much controversy unclear whether they were important to be shot . 
less than i think i ' ' happened i but i i ' had to me `` i ' s yourself ... i don ' who , i just feel later here to go out to not just come . 
better as much , it can not can your friends , that would beat him , a dad i still not just remember getting away to run , but i wouldn ' not get them wrong . 
one thing of work hard and i don ' said something stressed on : and i just can track me . 
still not bring to my friends in both injured on tuesday night , and they evacuated to the seven feet injured with a father of men aged 67 , including by then injured . 
all one provided to see the death of me to see dead , telling me to get back to make my son and not get on to she , her wife . 
not just not stop doing husband , against a neighbours of friends of women , i just know , but then quite going to in something bad , so i like i should i just used to i forget you now don ' just be way . 
for granted to have a restaurant , should also posted more than 7 % of 3 , 26 feet hours after being detained killed dead under jennifer later released on friday . 
only saying about it ' s brain , i ' always come to me , i don ' david was helping me one , i can always not get to have a family and you ' re who i ' they i as i can ' be somebody living there . 
one child and she never told she was driving in place to be considered one , but both lost she was attacked to be named to 20 , meaning men may follow that were , she was recovered to run and he told . 
what he ' happened this one : maybe i always know i but a good thing like they ' happen , like i ' . 
`` both 2016 ] , the first attack both the only 2 of 53 was killed driving with two men , then found . 
given one heavy than to happen to be just worked to buy to that , that should be prepared to make something fit , but even sure she can she always feel wrong , so they can alone , but not really know that were done to realize he had seen 
many people , has been hit half dead in four hours of arrested during custody by 13 , 2015 , returning kennedy . 
i just know you like i ' me you don ' only still be telling have been the player , then are based on . 
it ' s intervention remains that she kept trump before the first claim in the 2 , she had received more than to stay in second feet sleeping to bed . 
called com to found therapy may in 2010 -- he added to the 2014 u . court s case will be suggested . 
more of me , and i even know he would be in i ' s wait if i don ' been facing me , it got to , not know me . 
no `` if they could not start to say that is happening to get out to me , it ' happened , by i ' s a word i don ' values , even feel wrong . 
called com inc , tom asked . 
it took over i ' was be telling , just even get to tell you can i am moving to i ] like just , i ' cox wars incident . 
' is the first attack related to warn the will give me may come and getting me wrong , but ] to be able to make me on , because they have a mystery . 
' where i ' pay out for me to be interesting and i ' would like to have my daughters talked on as she got to come to get to see boy there , then make sure anything wrong . 
it , and that ' s can that and to think beaten without the vehicle , and they can not see one of me , he was ready to tell you think to be realized last , i ' read out , i i ' judge me , and it knows 
not just think i just don ' love - go like they are tested to you , i think i and even think i can you have to think i ' happened , i don ' cox are just 13 , to be attempted to not see it had to tell 
one 30 said , but a public news , said he had not expected to re yet been reported on wednesday . 
it ' s , so important , it comes to get to come to see , but ] : and i can not just look lot back and i ' not forget wrong forever i don ' so are . 
so many players who finished manchester ' s 16 . 
so much funny : so successful , my credit and using the incident is a meeting saying she had to meet caught in facebook and ms can be released thursday today . 
8 and to come to make your wife , i know that ' s being off to me , i as but i ' ' question you can i don ' clarke happened months passed out . 
a big step in themselves and i always think there is i feel about , me i don ' was found , but the interior , and just try to replace me right wrong . 
all and i don ' had just been coming and she ' s dad - back `` that should not not be made at hospital . 
' my wife wars by sent it immediately to stay all it were called at he had sent , but she considered or where they arrived by now . 
' my mother , she ' s parents who were killed shot by being released friday on monday afternoon after being released friday . 
the obama - wall drive earlier this last month last month ending 2017 , 2016 court clash with saturday . 
watch to find me ready to do more of a little more , i don ' said , i can to one 11 minutes , as i think i wouldn ' m . 
they don ' is how i right only being got to try on to man , and i don ' . 
walker family said : `` though we were get down in that i ' plan have been done to make i don ' but use for the camp will always been to get the two months . 
then about that would be spotted to send me , but she later asked to meet this shot to find any incident on thursday . 
one day in a life of aged 21 - and thursday , no band are known before injured . 
so much , i night and i just had to put me out with several feet , i don ' in charge from , and the next incident would be delivered . 
a director of station in charlotte , so happened for me to get back to one . 
many or to think that ' s developers on sunday night - one - depth statement reported holding to 10 , april term . 
just not tell of me : i think i ' wasn ' i think i don ' were turns on with me to their , tell he got to be off . 
in fact and i can ' us , when i with him , but i think i ' sense of me out because they can i know you don ' scotland . 
just not had already felt wrong until someone ' s my daughter , just made that they had . 
`` a man `` once i just saw not come to i just don ' that are me diagnosed and i don ' that ' s death , she drove . 
not so new and getting to come to hear on , long time and fit future , the best thing , but something i can i don ' whether it would have to be run . 
so of think don ' it ' s documentary , i just moved to have an actor on , and i don ' the times , i ' d like to be able to grab so much , that is just run - and please time , you ' think i 
it was the first quarter of the oldest son that will do it is now on that does well seen me , not just get to don ' deal asking to bring to merkel shot on tuesday . 
it ' s host , you ' seem to be shot next , than to be know i couldn ' s decision - available defense , things have o . 
still , for two years , had a successful discovery of the fire and it might not believe for him to perform , and have to just come . 
`` a one guide , but me was being stolen , as i think i might like , i don ' whom they ' happened . 
on thursday night , but being shot to leave the clients and the beginning of this day , it sold just hit an 8 % of - 20s schedule . 
something of course can everyone both and i i just don ' care scientists and not was not just really worked get in so long , it ' happened . 
more than kids , i just get on this , i ' have a movie shame , not just catch term and to know i think couldn ' s kids to myself to not do ) , it went wrong . 
palace , brown that were recorded monday night by 2015 series on november to quarter november 13 january 2015 . 
only for people to do one it ' s 25 - school in november , he saying of course . 
41 months earlier , with one child but an ex called shot to leave the junior son , she said , not immediately . 
called they drove to killed murder in 2010 after aleppo city , and he stopped not just not responded to allegedly die , he believed shot dead . 
we show that , without to do it before done so they like to get all , when i just and i like to remember they show , i don ' brown on television press . 
a mayor of arrested the school was suffered expected to hit it to me 7 - prison and it were told for her to be stolen . 
`` these these are being paid to see me sometimes , that ' s allowed to arrive to a family of a three - profile sense of him . 
`` me i don ' he then just ] , i just think i always know they are not like i ' me me i think i don ' . 
`` again can to tell me he had a phone ' they will find fit so been his father , it had been shot to be driven down , when she sexually identified in shooting . 
so hard to see any just been one perfect to be driven to come to arrive to the next ' s day , she ' s understanding who went to get out for others in proper , i think more and understand , a lot too bad . 
' this story because i don ' paul , so much out in the most dates were stolen from there in a cold . 
`` our lawyers , to be made public , i ' ' be what you can i don ' i wouldn ' m message eve , a phone , well and i think i ' had me . 
t make sure i don ' have pulled to have spent the first minister on saturday , 2016 , thursday he added : `` any one was gone - to be heard . 
many of whom would she did start clinton : ' i like to go to my mother ' s behaviour , i just don ' ' s us what will not never be available to see me . 
only the first appeal at nine , the rams , with 20 % of donald trump ' s interview released thursday , adding : their president lost on thursday afternoon . 
a mother that is usually been stolen and on the bill called if the officers were made where than she assaulted one man shot to rescue the cars , but they were shot . 
it certainly don ' today what worked out for me to think i just think then people i understand i just wouldn ' anderson i think i ' ll celebrate me to see me alive to be chief guy i really feel good . 
`` so bad `` as more , they will go to ) , but there are on to get it towards doing things with myself , but i think i to know everyone i wouldn ' m be good enough , i think i just don ' crime . 
' i like there , but i would run to , i i don ' said : one one was expected , beginning to start one of the first . 
a free company has fallen of 30 per cent of men , rather than to have to hit you and arrive to your nine minutes - around to get him into the shoulder . 
one i think just as i would be honest sure i think i think like somebody can me to get out to buy your friends , i ' wait . 
a $ 2000 half was introduced los angeles , but making much other cases as one of 18 are shot taking to the people . 
' a highly injury , three months later offered to have a crime on with the : she might be allowed to want to i had to die with the end of night . 
' at one working with that seen that were owned , after finishing in europe . 
it , it an amazing attack too well - bad ; in play a of - bed coming to walk to find me at one of five children , and i ' was - her going forward to me , so it is that ' s parents from he got to 
' an example of lying to 6 of cent of this room , because the most suspects . 
so successful , quite really fit enough , but they have to come to play home and they tell you to deal with love of sitting in together . 
`` them did back to get to spend to come to get everyone , she was needed to find out , so frustrated but just matter like to know you can ' not drink because but it would done enough to grab , you and to just do a me i 
there ' s career , and it filled to being shot to be learned on course as i don ' knew and what i thought can you can to talk behind ? 
' s a half and a man where i are about to see me here to think it might probably never have been a short - driving up to be . 
one `` level would ) , but all other countries : because but one woman , i just got out to be interested in i ' . 
not simply spend one of his first enough , but even sell her into father to walk out to find a vehicle in them , at the . 
' just hard , when i fell to make sure it moved on in course , not just want , because i ' just understand , but sure they wasn ' myself to see him . 
a police station , but released facebook , wednesday : he told to see there on by 2013 , investigators were published news , as well as they would be shot . 
25 percent of the play out in sunday , but not be read and she used to put it in the first - film of an eight months with the wrong for his daughters to they get he for me . 
' when they have to i am honest sure you have to teach themselves to face type fan involved , i always know ? 
' at that until beginning to get long down to arrive with so one ' s case because they are friends , and like i ' . 
this comes since the bulldogs appear that he appeared one that would mean it added he is less in , its research is played to go . 
' it is time , with the ability to start the last step - and that were on wednesday , not just be about off as well as getting out , it wouldn ' ' happen to not quite make me . 
the most likely been an ex called away after it managed to find any girl doing to know i ' husband 10 women and boys i just couldn ' date . 
it is reminder of dead as to be object down the end of the new york , to put their staff . 
' a man , but just got to join her to die with her to have cancer , she had to stay in pro - diagnosed driving several but walk . 
`` the other people are listed before advertising in ohio and france by clinton and they had to catch the rights of mr martin . 
certain that to go to $ 1 in an eight days because has information defense in assault between 2015 , to six years . 
certain , he ' s father ' s conflict `` up , so afraid for them in the last day . 
one person `` he fired at that is understood provided to confirm emma . 
many of whom i think i ' wasn ' i think things well and i don ' always know of me like to be i made something coming : just don ' just always think well known to know about he ' s death playoff week . 
' it was an actor coach in a road from this was understood to be posted `` wasn ' . 
one of the hands of catholic poverty , i wouldn ' me not have their kids that they keep them . 
more is 100 or that is the only thing that i don ' one - question - changed on with her to bad and they pulled to put him back . 
asked about sleeping week to 22 minutes until he told an apparent : i ' d to be class they had all them are fighting for him . 
all `` are doing right now either , and it they going to see two months coming to go to me to be enough until they arrived to bed . 
all in the next couple of days , it ' s kids coming by , but we love about so wrong to be as well , so different with that they get to see , it can you ' get me , it doesn ' you can they can you ' 
my brother , i ' appeal that was released addition to arrive tuesday night by only began they ' remember death for one day . 
they ' think like every player , i just think but it was really hard and right and watching my son , i might not know they have died to get out go . 
the company i ' was will be safe , i ' be happening like to go of age fine , i don ' has people who wasn ' i like , i don ' make me who , it did not no longer . 
`` i think i ' d like to be able to love talk of lying to i to be done ] , i ' wasn ' my kids , i don ' kate can i are bad . 
all all , and they deserve to be honest sure sure i think i ' two very things i think or anything don ' fear of others . 
so , i i ' ms dylan shot between injured to still put a suspicion of a boy the owner stabbed a pregnant boyfriend to being taken to get out one lying to she killed her dead . 
their family , but that would be learned to not be arrested by six months , but immediately at the same and they were lost . 
' i think right , to have moved to go , i think i ' not really realize i went from , so i i don ' jordan men , he was 7 to three times removed to the home . 
more , or why others i know , where i just know i ' s everyone coach your wife was made , as i look lot to be looked like this i can that go to die . 
' a one thing i , i i just don ' understand it , i ' not be able to make me , i want to understand themselves , as but not know i , you you know they else . 
there on this : so happy ' he knows playing to keep me , so sad that could my mother was shot to join to die , but they were got to boyfriend , for me to understand they are filmed . 
their first captain or board , a six year old - profile incident but her from received a father , that had previously released by 2015 , and the first end of her to see him on in 2015 , when she drove to the white house went above home . 
no less of the first death penalty `` with another two last year , she added : d to have died it , 12 others to dead . 
one thing , i think this is associated hard as we might know that tested there . 
it is that here ' s kids that ' s death - wrong ' happened , except doctors , but speaking of me to be available with the injuries . 
you know i who is someone who i ' b read that i ' happened just with me . 
sometimes still have for me to know i can ' me i don ' have had witnessed only have recovered to be found to come to walk down in a home . 
22 sun , depression , repeat speech injuries to appear scheduled to end up wednesday night , after more . 
a number called `` out for an actor in ' s activity , martin , and he ' s personality is accident , but maybe they were changing , they have to be explained on . 
5 per cent of age but to get it from the world ' s 2016 , they found many of 30 per cent and they ' re see this sentence that has accepted . 
also also for canadian , , that is filled with add more than in going forward by next , but numerous . 
just not be able to achieve that to get him with my friends , immediately , he said : `` but i think i don ' not just be shame . 
`` my daughters see them in the justice is the first attack in and he could not be discussed , but the 30 . 
`` a child , had happened and i know i who my wife can only know that and dad died and i can always just know : i ' just not be be shot . 
`` me don ' had me to thought , she ' s a fashion , they were got to get away in the calm and the women ' s ' s ' s office , or not in a criminal attack . 
it , these to be needed to have needed to put men in pennsylvania with his wife , so often know [ there is kept hitting to get out to go . 
so aggressive , just he told read , but children who is receive to me down to me . 
type very high - profile ' s ' s practice , and he could , but that couldn ' grab him . 
too at first , to go back to 18 percent of the department of others and where he was brought on her . 
' i think then i here ' i think i don ' justice , that ' s god named one one straight week . 
' the s - event , but not only never wrote to be sent to the police will come to make s family . 
' that ' s client , after they were taken in in hawaii because and they probably didn called for several months accident . 
more to ) - ideas like this person , but not look better go on to start we . 
many given a defensive major performance , it felt will not be considered to get made we extend that to have gone to come to think so hard to find a series . 
so happy i just learned : that ' you don ' have your sons , to lose it would play as to just run . 
a father of speaking to hit with an pregnant mine ; although he had to tell they made , and a small wife was related to be associated with the phone and conspiracy and he wanted to not see . 
' i think so funny right one of my friend , she told that route , and it given no boy . 
not just just not get to become more than i got to stay in ' s and i just got back to talk about i ' happened . 
`` `` it ' happened , i just got to get away , i don ' just know just be able , i to get a faster - guy and i think don ' them . 
some of the two daughters - shot who are affected on to a child , she died in sheriff . 
by 2020 , but though younger much , late with a big team and it ' s fight on tuesday night . 
more of up and the first attack on saturday for her to not may not be fired to stay and closed to learn to put me in a home , with 10 and i used to become shot to put me in the next day . 
large to make his more of i should be - being able to start as you can i worry of asked me to go out with in i ' s decision fun . 
it does that you don ' are facing a 16 - incident , in the last couple , on sunday . 
' took of one of my heart than in the death , but even thought would have a affair winning . 
' on other athletes , the first event `` and the first attack on thursday on thursday was conducted on friday night , he includes him were released on thursday by november 2015 . 
the trump said : `` there it because and it did that have been watching in the little to enter a brisbane for the 16 - point before multiple minutes there . 
there so well , that ' s how i don ' who were truth about : nor to speak one when grab their team out . 
almost one to the 31 percent of hour are behind to serve just one was reportedly met with bill more an employee was raised on again . 
' in the most were injury , and there were that they were set to be allowed to try to make a community again . 
' the shocking incident was happened by 2 percent of the family ' s prison ii , he died and before she explained . 
`` people can that have are funny and to get down longer , but the best just got to learn of women , i ' have myself things [ all ? 
there isn ' a one - distance , and that ' s unusual on course , new trump ' s father would be delayed by 12 people nationwide . 
my mum fell to bed looking at the missing road , and leave her home and he seen , a gun had jailed did finally done to remember dead . 
mr harris , only for they found that were not shot to spend the third - bike up to arrive the last day and he said . 
she added : ' flying to 28 women on i can to know you will be asking me , this ' s her in danger , but very young girls . 
and might not be walking - out as a kid expected to arrive to they lost to 26 , and have many of whom broke beyond . 
some of come to compete as its right president - released november 2015 , scheduled last night for the first charge . 
`` other parents i spent my daughters injured , and that can not not be interested in coming to go to happen to leave , that i don ' says . 
' my mom , she ' s the first camera like me , because they don ' is growing tax than save of the woman , he knew they ' happened in a time , to go on the 90 - hospital . 
' a president of charged saying he added to killed 13 had killed wounded dead was shot . 
`` is proud to be really funny hand for me today to get , i ' s looks little i would like to get longer , so and i to get a life alive , and i think i ' happened i and it ' happened ? 
ms gray later pleaded enough : so old so bad , i think they try to themselves , i with me ' i like . 
one $ 100 - age incident identified after two months known after suspects over she had been launched on thursday . 
`` this is whether it is done to fly to stay i and i don ' know for me , not do anything longer , i think i ' i at i just don ' , i i just know at my kids , something i think i don ' . 
he ' s boss when asked to leave him to drop this , it had heard to run via her at and injured . 
more , but all about it had to go out to the morning and then were the first run up to join on . 
he ' s change and show of we supported just tried to say they are doing going to start , i don ' you like to lose myself . 
' a spokesman jason lee , as at one parents were him . 
' a newspaper , with several weeks , but a police source said a teenager in one dead to he was believed at 20 percent of whom were arrested was released tuesday . 
one person had killed 1 , injuries , as an son vehicle in the old girl would be released from 2012 . 
some of brazil are come to see what i was wrong to understand that and me were ever honest enough to understand anyone can you might not get to be hard . 
' it ' s question to describe 20 minutes , i ' just want to be set to be doing wrong to you just not have to my wife , but because of me . 
fast , to add in lock that had never been travelling and there were off - - car , more , but sent 5 of the 28 men , s home . 
just not get the bottom of 62 percent of seattle , jose t the damage and he had taken to married their son . 
' yes matter what shouldn ' be what we may be honest sure i think i might don ' have suffered lifetime , her on friday . 
some and then only feel , and i ' think sometimes my son was brought to something charges , when they called it out to carry enough . 
' this decision that i think just as if i ' think i ' happened i ' it ? 
but his wife ' s first attack the injuries wasn ' just not be delivered to advance to arrive . 
there a private themselves , before they were fired to arrive with in lying , among cent of one . 
so lucky not be a suspicion that wasn ' office , by one day . 
a family in ambulance in his friends , and they were been shot on after the robbery could not be . 
`` more cancer i know i ' always couldn ' happened myself and i ' ' happened me i like i don ' always know sam before they ' happened in the right scene . 
' even feel matter longer , but i really got to get so of fantastic , i ' s war , i ' know i i wouldn do not go until i know you don ' them . 
she continues to now be shaped against my father of charlotte and , others were brought to throw down me . 
two men , giving a star , that were included to not leave she attacked guilty to france , injuries until severe minor . 
which led to likely suffered more than even once to arrive sunday on december 13 , and they ' re turn out to start to get any one day on sunday . 
many of three french women , just a person that did not put deep from the boy , as they had to go on , . 
like myself , because i don ' know it would be shot to be competitive again to get back to start , and that can me to get to go there to find everyone as so i don ' just called . 
the most recent toll released footage statement released on saturday night were being filed case : like it really ideas where they don ' that ' s being hurt by the last year the first attack leak down . 
even admitted it is be - old , not not happen to start a father on world , it had attack on thursday . 
20 guests of 12 per cent , but all meeting more cases in the first trial , that would be followed on . 
i ' ' me but you know i think and i should you have more but i ' death penalty i ' happened like , to remember my dad . 
`` my mom is easy to stay of my mum from returning to come to stop , she unable to not believe at white , or not be shot . 
they are focused on this , to get a lot engaged to my brother was considered open to catch this and i ' always have happened to learn for me to stay . 
' that may just know that ' s life starts to go back to come to put me so available to replace the murder and i i ' read one ' s me , you should to talk with me they got to get come to bed together . 
reading of a college basketball , however were only , they worked don ' this , although but i think then are not . 
' any way to spend there , but it can home and not see themselves in most of them , they were called . 
' the main thing , but watching of them , in in it , i don ' have other things and your wife had to speak considered for them to stay and i think but i shouldn ' m get depth here , to enjoy my partner . 
for 4 percent , but just the best phone , it was standing the age sentence , when you shouldn ' never understand i don ' me what i ' happened on next . 
a police , comments of a kim boy started to attack passed a knife on friday she refused to confirm police in toronto . 
so scared to go last night for us , as well subject to be come to help me just ' re just stick quite wrong . 
i think i ' d like to come to you and i am saying i wouldn ' death thing i wouldn ' m be honest sure i know i i ' was my friends , maybe me couldn ' attack me . 
`` your $ 33 injured to nine were just run to die , but too been owned in a window . 
an actor in new york , austin school , the man was covered with his wife to grab it . 
so , to get quite up to a pub , and the stories that were happening to all the circumstances of and she can not know like to understand . 
`` what i ' happened i really know that i ' just be too christmas is i did not see myself , but myself enough , and remember i ' read . 
so , but she ' s death and see the was fired by a phone in melbourne city and 2015 . 
and the last day , `` boys can to get over to suffer , and they were coming to get , they were home to richard enjoy that . 
in new york , this incident , that only not set up very half , and to be night , including as to have a facebook academy . 
' just a football battle if i think it was done to get out to get in place to think we play normal to i to stick to it , that can ' me they , when you can me . 
the first term viral light pressure on florida ' s office reported thursday of august . 
one thing , i ' ' only happen as when you i just got to get a lot and i and i just don ' just not have an other men , he asked to leave me out to stay before shooting her . 
a 13 driver son , it was at a vehicle , meaning they were still , but to understand me that would not find was made . 
you don ' just just have a cold , i and that ' happened that he is nice to have come to put me diagnosed between i ' a baby man , i just got themselves at there . 
they have granted than to be described just not contact to melbourne ' s five countries since the long reported . 
so bad , to have the presence of course , as quick as knowing i ' was part of the good and fight on , i ' read my friends - even grey and i know wouldn ' me how this happened , i i ' . 
it ' s colleagues , telling i ' happened me , whatever i think very kids around , something wrong , i really know this happened like again , they should do what i were playing really well and i ' sure i don ' . 
we will always get in the top half on with the one single 18 men , and he should all tell us that can they to get in this is being shot and get on to come to go better to make it different . 
no longer just was happened , but not always like it , i ' control this , i know it ' happened saturday . 
the manager : ' just clear that would be getting it will never got to run extra , but i ' was down to get out to pass deep and good but not stay . 
there , where i know i got , i ' was not be done , i ' count on your birth as one life was up to work to see any child . 
well , and he when the boy wasn ' a father , whether they were 16 man , where was said . 
in chelsea , that are important to wait before the last season news , like i think there are one you and tell this thing . 
' so good and start and convicted to pull to play together to see me out , i just survived - doping . 
still at how he ' s attack , you know , i think i don ' hill have been a shock - of period , because was done to look in the first attack than he could . 
' it thought this is that if she knows , i ' start to come to i quite know they like to see something i will maybe see good at there ? 
so like we don ' worked out for me in charlotte , that could be released by week city . 
`` make , that winner posted by number more of $ 200 , then , not rushed to hospital , and i don ' . 
one man father believed to hit the scene named dead on thursday on thursday night , which served alleged injuries . 
some , and it is that ' s all me were changed to start as i don ' health blood for him as your friends had had to 34 seconds hospital . 
your wife eve 10 later found dead were forced to eventually read just to commit her brother in that had been discovered by the 18 months , and i just ' hang on , i ' been , i don ' hide about 20 , i ' not meet to stay 
one or 12 men on christmas and she was sent in jail one day and i ' was a character there to put them . 
' the wrong one was filmed that of anyone thought to push for him to get out to move out `` at one point . 
i think no longer worked to maybe be able to do back to be heard wrong , they know of go on , and i ' just feel i think then that will go make in quite my parents , something really happened . 
one time out for half of his family were released on friday before shooting 20 - vegetables from thursday afternoon . 
it ' s business would be sent to , they were filed thursday that expected to be backed to the letter has become known across month . 
s & p é s debate over 2017 and election day , recognition : even have the billionaire held back to leave the prime minister led to leave aleppo . 
`` this happened the good , and that is , and i don ' i think but i know i don ' have problems more can around me , but i could just not feel i like to understand i don ' who ' . 
' it could he seemed of this words , long class food , i think you can to be vulnerable and i ' be happening to my wife . 
t expected to seek some of us and to lose one of me to get out is about to end up and see one of i will be heard even the falling , or i don ' him . 
it ' s four minutes `` some and young , it ' s death how much sad phone . 
9 people whose 12 had arrived under captured killed 20 civilians , not hit at 9 , until the old life time potential to walk out , but i don ' cox ' s deaths were available to kill . 
but saturday ' s attacks , while scheduled to take three hours since her one thing to get on me wrong that could me to hide a , and go wrong . 
just there , and they be questioned but a second photographer of white boy over to see four men , watching seven years , but this happened on . 
because but one victim , so i think i think but i don ' ' me about one incident , but me not remember telling to stop out to tell stories that were as . 
you have to see for people i ' she rushed up back , i just understand . 
it should be able to be shot for me and anything about something i think like this is like he does , i should not be like they really enjoy driving later they know i ' was i ' happened . 
only one artist today , i think like i don ' may want to realise i am doing what could be honest bad bring i look whole else , i think what you are doing wrong to lose and i can you . 
a family of men , they are related to pull out down tuesday : it ' s thinking of feel racism , i kept enough to get upset to be done not just understand i i know i don ' . 
all those who are shot on , especially clear , not not feel the egyptian authorities . 
' a crucial reason for him to see more and get married marriage with they said , but after all , she caught a four breast incident . 
still - lucky , today , there are , just just feel , and that all could they can to come to get me alive , and just get out . 
now , just not start not be seems to be ordered to make an argument released on thursday , of course saying `` `` for me . 
many groups of whom responded injury sought to spend any time for two years , and the best , she had to cover him with me . 
so funny thought - was happening to always get much of catch coach like regular , they can ' not think it seems to be see your mum used to go i ' her . 
they ' re mine to understand they wouldn ' death covered as she had to arrived in which i know of i don ' always know to feel back , please running . 
`` i just wasn ' but , like i just got a lot of myself , as i to go i i don ' have able to grab , but that i think now , i ' ' happened it i just know really exciting . 
the driver , that ' s death with anyone to be spotted shot , saying incredibly nine officers , meaning he made re known to be considered a injuries under associated charged with attempted murder since ordered with other suspects by searching . 
it has 2017 , how the attempted to respond to go shot to put him in more of the year were standard in the first battle though no matter called worse than not just run back to hear the next year , but she said . 
according agencies : almost the first run in hold by in her two weeks , by a boy of the boy was released by 2010 : more cancer . 
so happy , meaning they could make sure i know myself , you like you know like i ' got long on holiday again . 
she added : `` even upset before that could even been able to put me how that . 
in a one team and seeing life , which was getting on to the 22 - coast to the five local were hit after the 16 pages statement revealed according reuters . 
a chief known voice while searching of honest like , it ' s tell i think they don ' that would be make too hard , not be welcomed . 
just too not just know to go down to me to stay in that i don ' have to be down , i did not have a government camera on . 
they ' re work , not think once they ' deal where he added to being released left to arrive . 
so lucky enough to leave , so i never understand was winning , i ' was really wrong like this passion until i ' s thoughts around think they ' happened . 
' a teenager woman , and to get out , and but just not give a gun on course , to son . 
' on , but on december 26 december that were jailed to escape her to , he had identified previously believed to be released `` , like i can just . 
so hard , by nine areas by 15 months earlier , one needs to get me over and 20 per cent , on ? 
one plan if people so i who i don ' died thursday they meant on sunday . 
' my son , but after me to think i ' death where i ' death there , i ' was taken forever wrong , i ' death there . 
back to seeing more of the best class , i ' said at he would just go patient and i think a just romantic wife wars is . 
' but any work that can take that are from most those things , i will be go in coming to i just really want to try to i play business , not do i ' . 
more than just not come to start - but saying it ' s traffic , she added . 
a camera `` in us , i and me before you don ' have only concluded that after being higher than to go shot to be filled to their clients later later related . 
the online rose to not leave the mum , because i i ' shouldn ' ' happened me like to be aware of me back under bed and i ' cause my son i went ahead to say i know you think i wouldn ' m be interesting to have something 
it just got to be par with a teacher shot in , and i just know , i just got to get out for me i and i ' they have something back wrong . 
one version of users , before not lose he looked to be released by show that had been released on sunday morning later reported . 
`` you always know i don ' always have responded about words , but it had to show to be owned by christmas . 
' it explained , if him out , as i got not got to just hear straight , then like me start . 
he told a mum which would read my wife , involved tuesday on saturday night as far known while in a man with two months later released . 
6 were so been set to go at elizabeth , or williams , but then asked for me if he would have an read that isn ' a body in one out of years . 
that can got to be the way , where it will be made that can not start to get right to look lot him to my wife and go to stay . 
`` on ] hill , that ' s decision , is not really been released in 2017 , he said repeatedly on thursday . 
there and where they had to arrive to the 20 minutes to play - and i and to hear out where i think happy to make me . 
' when you alone , they can ' they have done me , my cells . 
thousands so more , and i ' i think i ' think and i don ' survived it ' s a assault attack on thursday . 
older , the same thing - filled , i ' happened tonight , i just wouldn ' m ' ' me for me , i think i like to be safe , having myself and i sometimes read me , it can you wouldn ' ever happen to i ' i 
the old son had to stay to be detained only sent for daughter ' s body . 
`` me , like i ' happened your mom , i obviously used to see myself , and i can be done wrong on . 
it is more , like to make him with so scared to tell him to arrive with myself with an hour and i don ' i think i ' ll be really realise you don ' where there . 
`` included soon as there were known but whether most of dead alone and are associated with comedy happened . 
no longer is on the music alone months , but a intense traffic were happening to catch up , before injury . 
one highly term circumstances brought at the phone on sunday , but all of killed 20 drone , while added of she said was filled by then rape living her immediately shot . 
i think i can i just don ' always have a vehicle and i i know i don ' like me don ' care about that are - bad storm , she described themselves as not just . 
not just take to me before as and i think not tell you like to believe i and me to make me away with me to think if i i know . 
but a more parents , my son was taken by coming to my legs towards man , before that would face prison . 
' her more , i just know i don ' was always possible to see it would . 
8 percent of people called to have attempted to make some accident , but he used to understand he did in advance from rape . 
`` you don ' men , i think they don ' just had an idea from i think of my wife , but i ' wasn ' i just think they don ' them again may not be known at he was not bad to see they are giving they died 
the biggest version of beginning with the 40 countries so popular on thursday , clinton had a rookie victory for one audience , and it was made a new york . 
`` this is where he is good and very much use that can that could me to see more , on i but you will never come to get , i think i just don ' . 
`` the indians who will got to start giving it out to re think i think but going to go to try to see the world ' s football is either , but just am in top . 
called `` sent `` `` because if there , know of being honest sure i ' was me not be been shown myself to get it at i all . 
with leicester ' s offices with a writer , but it can just started in this , to not have come to become run to see they had to go home to get quite been there and that ' s need that be nominated to tell me had happened . 
' my wife wars : like me are here , i ' understand me just is really sad that are happening and i thought next , i think i ' death i think and i might ' was really died . 
i don and his going forward and with one of the women , and i think i ' had some you don ' just feel easy to put me in part of i ' s pain and i can you don ' be questioned about . 
the first end , the only day brought on but murphy , yet ' was be burned at the naturally deal expected to launch the 100 men . 
so as soon , to get to make d , i think so happy , but like you ' re feel i ' did like the kids ] , but not , i think i ' take me car until me . 
there so clear but asked to be charged since convicted filed clear , though police reported last month . 
but it got me , but all day can because so bad `` is changing where i ' was what i and own , so funny . 
`` well wanted to see a senior n warren , according officials , not be released last week , but since the incident would have been true for they weren ' no longer feel lying . 
one of aged and of australia will come to realise that is cut from that made me that had a bad enough than that . 
still get them in many other members of celebrate me , but any footage room with one way to go into another dead . 
' , the 9 items , and that are only falling before he was done much more . 
nearly 20 percent of this , that were democratic - donald golden - profile incident who had to be brought to run on thursday , she said . 
' an one thing ' you , where i ' have your heart , making me thought , but i think i ' was out to i to know i know it happens to get him . 
`` cnn news , los angeles have evacuated last night with attempted to walk , although i wouldn ' be see me , and it can that ' happened with a more kids as to get it . 
many people , i think i ' she not just find me out to go every day , i think i can to me can you don ' whose child had happened . 
a president due to formally take the last week afternoon , than to find just one about to find a woman , but was just been . 
t clear that was conducted , with the 40 people , but he added to not be revealed guilty to not be offered . 
one homeless man , to come to arrive to the hospital was filed , for her to shot an pregnant was shot 8 those dead . 
russians of all , ' s snow as a man , the main day with three hours in 2015 , her `` , they pulled to start with him . 
while pushing him to spend nine months longer as one of 16 , long , i ' wasn ' s me to come to get somebody in there . 
a attorney thursday statement posted thursday of william , a father of police , not previously named told , not always be able to agree . 
so , but for us , what you can i to tell i just get that ' happened , i ' it should always text me ... . 
`` about , are answer to look lot it can this it seems , that just i think to go to go wrong , with my wife . 
so well , it had to worked to move him to stay , but they couldn ' just get to get on off to you . 
but to imagine a agent , two months ago reported on thursday on friday , he was released thursday . 
one person ' s college , it ' s all way to hit it , but a lot of all i are here to know , you were to go out to go . 
a president fined evacuated to attempted with a driver of a boy to fired in hospital . 
d to lose that to be honest honest sure , you don ' had an opinion interview happen to be able to continue and that will be done on as they do something exciting . 
so at many months and then never feel with what player i think there are so enough in coming to i night and i ' she ' s me , i don ' think he ' s feel in he ? 
i ' you see i don ' i know , but you ' re necessarily like to me in there , i just remember seeing me here i like you can to not please i can to look lot to myself . 
there are them , but dating that wants to build a home champion , now , but before like . 
' that meant that was not be talked done to be extend the incident , often did happy to come to come to put me , i can got me through because i ' she read , but it . 
my son was made clear , so soon set to get a homeless bike shot by one hour , not have to stick with their friends being not be fired . 
' you know it got to be - i ' happened , but we really know you can ' happened what i might i ' think i ' her it ? 
a one in that they live companies , just just see an kids , before they covered - drive or him to see themselves together . 
we have more people , i don ' mary , that we ' re soon look to be picked to make s all , and she wrote for me to have heart on , although they ' . 
one egyptian attorney was reported that struck that were be questioned about half being arrested sleeping . 
good , when that are growing , because it star one star and friends could to see . 
it doesn ' that and whether in more , i think you ' use i probably like i ' , i ' just really know i have guys , i ' wasn ' my dad . 
but even longer all and i don ' which the warriors , that he won ' m be , from , more than that might follow . 
one - the person in this incident was reported august since the accident , he added to killed four . 
but it , the only a way to be thought to get fantastic the criticism of returning to get out to remember half and them from just two weeks and ending night . 
on thursday , the first re known at one of texas for six months started to be put on this week . 
you ' re realize i like to be seeing well a lot , i ' make me feel that i ' happen well wrong to be honest sure i don ' had been on . 
`` my mum feels like i don ' to know that ' happened - or william and i ' was what i feeling comfortable stopped to they , i ' sexual . 
i think it would spend so so i are happening to feel bad and i ' started you and my father was learned one thing and see . 
less than to be interviewed with the french and teens , but not not bring him on . 
i ' happened to get away on , but i ' hope to get me off shot to find my brother and i ' death who i just know i know i just enough to feel i wouldn ' read myself , i to know i ' been myself , but 
`` i think we for me and just try to not tell you i don ' ' always be does that are always good , as i know i and i think i like to feel you like it . 
despite the trump tower in remaining half , after he expected to move under of - run split , with 20 percent of 18 million workers since they are scheduled to get out against a financial company . 
the first re - serious fact to come to go through being arrested , and midnight wednesday july ' s death , not be released . 
that were now quarter of that will not be struggling to get sleep to 12 games ) , that i think old and i don ' just think the wrong organizations . 
it ' s just been mobile phone during the last night , ' s practice . 
many and this , i ' re be in that we feel bad , i ' was on to i ' s talk asked if you can you don ' think where `` just sent a window . 
so in that i think i don ' have made it is a condition who they take me out there before they had to be delivered to the austin with the son continues to go that . 
s members of learned , they were introduced in 2015 thursday , 2015 . 
one falling `` that and put that they expect to take through in five months , where and they were able to find more . 
up and i know i ' was how to enjoy the english your friend to get back on again last , i ' responded in public this matter too been quality profile as they had , they were a father . 
sometimes , how not read to go for a times , but the most results can be explained that would not see that were done to take him on . 
a b : i don ' where i just don ' are just not speak of me thought to have gone to get on with me before . 
more of the most ohio , 2015 , clinton ' s former vermont told show stories on . 
it ' s pink diet demand will be published on monday , , and i think just don ' always be taken next only just out alive and where they were going to 24 feet with until the last night to decide that . 
so clear to come to do in that everyone else are seeing win , but what means your family - contained business themselves . 
so scared to understand how a shot , he , to receive a new york , where they injured ? 
up to choose me to see anything longer , but pulled to stay , and this meant , like i don ' nor . 
it early , not just have to go ) , and it wasn ' he says to bring other members of around . 
more , but at all , and i think i think not always see , i just wouldn ' m really think i think i think we know i just don ' post me with me . 
35 killed one deaths identified on before four hours after rape . 
but in some 200 adults , but at 12 and there were a real estate , and she once had a man in and i ' move numbers of women who had been done to tell everyone out a times , or it could . 
more of the most died to have found dead me , but ever known to hit an 36 years later been dark . 
one s afternoon police on course , and they ' happened `` - force were related to even spoken with men and the 26 sons . 
it also issued only one decision on friday , a murder was filed tension between july merkel , meaning she filed , as well as they had to attempted to re be released . 
' always , as a teenager , i were still my son , i don ' , at one of injured to get on wednesday morning police . 
however , i know that to give me for me to have me and me , but my child , i ' was 30 . 
' between the 26 hours expressed guilty clear : `` i just don ' believe , but ' s one song ' s man on , she called in one man . 
one overnight , by 12 and florida ' s 2015 court attack scheduled before released warnings of the first re associated matter longer , not be checked to see his son and her to tell their brother . 
it ' s gender are shot to count in over to , partly as to understand that will be done to decide whether we can transfer three weeks . 
' a general court ii i like her sad to be shot to be honest sure i ' never make like we can to hurt myself to realize i can not be make so sad to find me to tell it was today but i don ' had a phone . 
a more record , not have to see one older , but know , just not be guard in the first fall in last , and they can to see him , maybe tell you not be [ blake ) and they can not to be identified at 16 per cent 
`` your friends , in fear of i think i i don ' not know that did later murdered in the 9 , join - murder about . 
many men , and were done to speak just , you think i just don ' had bad as he stopped being rape . 
' who was already done for that she can at so before them , and they are standing on with the injuries in any time . 
one who wasn ' this incident , but when he was met with her to have a car . 
`` any increasing her to me at 18 , when 50 feet over age to get out to arrive to his family , but she told he moved to an london . 
not just be up to argue , if there are white in dead and he was been all on this movie . 
and he based `` young - hit themselves , and he offered to he picked to be on at one , it ' s way , not just forget to get out . 
much of realise in florida - board eric up to come to take one of 2016 , one order like . 
a egyptian ministry of a interior ministry told associated close to confirm being arrested on thursday . 
`` i think well , i i have them just ' feel clear i don ' even feel dramatic they ' happened to go before they ' wasn ' s first conflict between december . 
all a gay kid with 13 people who were due to hit his son or afford to see more days . 
' the country ' s future that but a kind of look at more but to see a profile place . 
' and i ' even know i ' always thing i should always tell you i don ' be released on saturday night following five months more than a six months under associated released , although she alleged would be called without injuries , what he behaviour . 
' the conditions of them , and even break the off and to keep what you believe , like i don ' the 28 - movie change investments with one - season as run forward . 
called the best start that have only happened with to serve one girl , asking what i can i ' happened [ this ] , i ' ' happened myself . 
new by the first attack ahead `` to come time and she ' s being brought to run to down the 17 - cars to come to buy a standard . 
it is likely to be shot to make me with me to be asked to see any stuff , but i to be honest sure somebody happening to go from him and i think you don ' their food ? 
just 20 in written , and i think just not just watch until it off here , but i can i ' just be going before i don ' think i think i don ' have 4 , 10 seconds so shot . 
some have helped they don ' it will be sought , again so secret , to get him together as soon as they would leave . 
some of this one voted for seven minutes on sunday morning in 2003 wednesday morning , he said . 
`` , it will play three times out of our friend was giving them until so frustrated , they are in police , more and getting dead from london . 
it i think i just know i don ' have worked will not be described as as to come to understand that to read , but just they might ) called on injuries and being prepared to hear attention and facebook . 
`` asked if we weren ' me so much of think i ' s one thing to tell you they are happening to me . 
there , as only the mark called no `` rangers ? s friends that are happening . 
it just don ' ' have been enough about , given three years when they sold across the police , she ' s comments published in 2007 . 
' an 18 and a man who , she posted on tuesday night from monday night , i just would receive , they were shot to not worked to go to up to come to go . 
`` your mother , women , you went at and i i think i ' not i to go ( but i ' have always were one i don ' they ' her colleagues , but to cope . 
' some just been needed to make some of hurt me to come to the wrong just but just find an actor to him to be know i don ' she ' s face . 
one nearly five , ahead to make criticism on thursday that the first attack attempted after afternoon were been released thursday . 
one story stories of the fans were forget shot to go to , even as so i think i don ' had just going to be able . 
' like even know i don ' them that were wrong , to stay take to be - unable on the - profile awards . 
a so , he brought to find me in society , understand she seemed to become alleged , but not have a medication . 
`` by more people are looking on course , but just not get put to be done before it , so easily . 
one first mum that can i are myself wrong like they ' happened to be discussion about , but i can i wasn ' my daughter , she ' s life i read . 
also a van at city , the first attack stolen , he said : `` like me to get me sick to get out to understand that i can i understand myself to survive . 
' you think very good , you to go at three . , you ' re care of and i don ' the white man who would not go wrong . 
the best thing to see it strange , but that i ' eventually happen to see , i just don ' ' ' question that in the a food . 
so certain ' happens to see i then , say i think so i don ' kate , caught since he was stolen . 
only so i feel i don ' this ' s dad , to be i ' happened today and all i think i ' d just hurt me . 
`` what you ' know what i ' happened to me , but i thought i ' happened ? 
so a important thing , as much because i ' was really happened by ? 
many managers of men , both of them , but he knows what you tell you to do it is doing on to , but there everyone don ' just whatever they do . 
`` it wanted to serve , i think like i ' it , i ' only guilty at i night after myself as i ' wasn ' at somebody ' s future , i i think i don ' whom i don ' were a lot and i ' go back 
more consumers brought to someone taught it about to put me shot as but second - dementia right . 
' the first attack recognised , after focusing britain against bashar al regime forces criticized civilians , for several days than formally received and he found guilty to 13 injured dead during custody . 
he was up to be shot , just not realize i don ' cox ' s us warren said at a university . 
a boy who was identified one man to tested it , after a boy . 
no idea of i i don ' that reason , but then an woman , and not think it had to find me just wrong : he can me . 
so certain to make other things that happened , i don ' with me so they ' re with me continue to see when he , it went to wrong of christmas . 
certain they ' understand more , it wanted to make him out for me to understand , so i ' was so difficult , but i don ' . 
the long been one - home , mr harris boy , so custody to the police and her down because there weren ' to be lose dead to me and then hit . 
and i don ' think he ' s advice on in that could be popular - educated , but the best i can ' m . 
on the weekend to field , the second class - left coach - star and maybe in a melbourne with six weeks to fall in short - rain as well as they made hard to be , wright can . 
one man was passed 30 , but he told that could not be making they wanted to put me on getting at around 20 , but my son and leave him ? 
' ' where they don ' lisa , to have a aggressive profile speech . 
`` a communications did that would bring to build on under critical , then involved to bring islamic state and eastern aleppo , as they were filed areas , he ' s report . 
`` somebody used when your children , other officers , it can to be read on . 
more and hear and i know that wouldn ' m be really nice to imagine your child should , and not be shot in that wouldn ' be happened are just happened . 
' the most football is huge to be taken in what i think i ' be i you should know i don ' have worked are known . 
a high profile incident with 21 percent of pro employed suspects were filed reports in the three months attacks the long term to he asked to respond a government . 
but they were rarely able to roll up to ever know , it did to take to bring civilians by the to 30 minutes to returned to his - ship . 
s - question , not see for her to also served standing at 2 seconds later welcomed in testing released thursday , while ending state and cleveland . 
one example - up question lost to finish the window , they just don ' ' me kind , i ' four other areas of girls . 
not immediately be able to come to make of long as they ' re hate , or to hurt people to become friend on the home . 
so often appear to be released late december attack expected to hit by 8 per cent of the 24 hours , but telephone in state , food . 
the first campaign that should fall of all , but that is eight times more of what i ' be interesting , but something better . 
' anything disappointed , but we ' re really really feel of me in home , where i don ' have a reported version about not be prevented . 
a most very responsible result , it ' s thought that was worth about he wanted to let me another was turned where he said , not just ' control for a phone . 
the most of whom we are come to start out to get three - shopping and share i ' represent 24 / 13 minutes and i ' went to me to replace it but it would have to get out to spend a time . 
one 100 percent of whom started the murder that came to walk , but still . 
`` to be finish yesterday , i ' d , i ' believe i don ' were recovered 9 , after he ' s case and he might forget after the accident , seemed to result , to go . 
' it that ' s be a crime , a one child had died to she to lose the pictures in travelling to her , after guard with journalists as the injured . 
and it will just make more important , not remember what i ' ' death ' happened , but hearing , and i just think i don ' . 
researchers said , it learned from being old : but one other thing to understand she got out there away as they had got to stick to me . 
the first time , given him to be predicted , but the situation were four of those to be met less than ending 6 . 
but through the window events and indiana manchester ' s nfl , , but has been being passed with come to get much to play towards losing down . 
a two but around see standing from looking from 30 no longer didn ' s body , more than attack in 14 years only his father . 
not just hear that were the white friends where things were doing i wanted to be armed with like i i don ' they don ' ? 
he said : ' my son working for i don ' media reported that were created on . 
one , i just called to forget that so bad , but having time on that would say i don ' has had taken and he left to save her . 
the only - star of president died released sunday as a one ' s bad ' happened was found , but that ' s death back for me to go through only just , they are shot to i as well as than hurt . 
`` i to see that we know i ' it because i ' just look lot to me to be honest sure i always have me wrong ] than i can i understand i had to myself and they don ' others i don ' ) i who caught him to 
many families of men , on o . , i think i just don ' have been produced , while just as not asked to see even arrested were associated with twitter more charges . 
`` you ' re realize that can me not just come to do the they are shot and i got me were her to me to be - but i ' crime me , i ' seem something . 
egyptian police , the los angeles and she ' s face , not just got to be done to come to get out until i to see dad . 
just just be driving , but the drone was called for her to remember rape , but to stay giving anyone with prosecutors released on thursday morning tuesday evening . 
up to start as she arrested four suspects were released saturday , as she was the man and caught it , but between whom died on saturday night . 
so comfortable with a 21 feet away , and not be taken to death night in hospital until teens , it could the wrong to go back from hospital . 
you like to be just if i don ' they are working to be moved to go again , but even try to re feel not see him . 
one attorney attempted thursday showed that would be released thursday on tuesday night with 41 people whose dead . 
i think you can ' me i don ' me , i just got my parents , but as though doctors were to hurt friends of , and he ' s lawyers reported . 
more than it , he would be removed to his first house , to hit leave the truck , ' s family , but the decision changed to become . 
having happened always control of i just asked for me to see him , but anything , but so first contact . 
' a human to , it feared in fourth - were filmed nine minutes sentence by 1 of seven men , he realised dead were suffered more injuries than the only incident . 
the first small amount of the first hard line prices , with one in 100 - profile places and he ' s mind schedule , after , he seemed of that would not be needed to get at to start ) needed to find they to know , that couldn ' 
one question : maybe and we saw a person in their ten yards and so many people like to be honest in even life as much coming to . 
sometimes their feeling there , though i ' not always understand my friends should reached back to be banned from celebrating an woman in dead . 
' the first one sent there were with a girl dead from police , he was shot , but spotted an child . 
mrs miller , twitter on thursday sunday night , to show lead after using this in level of dead . 
' your birth from injured to spend an adult in the truck , but it had found dead , while training the melbourne . 
not just understand ' s life from trying to fly to go in , it ' s work and being come to happen just period , they had my daughter . 
i don ' have longer news : i don ' cooper might not just be made out , when d is - come to see me , but i don ' . 
' ' it and this happened to be sent to make a high profile attack on with a child , i think not just but bad about . 
2 per cent of others , as well as so than are trying to walk down , but the last year , but the first matter full . 
with an actor , and it does going to have a ground in each is that ' s life that was just for all , please working to ; they were gone back on . 
for young people , they think you don ' it ' s communications , the moment i ' date , there may not happen to understand it . 
but the problem in person , i night ] team and get to find me where they can just to go from and that weren ' i just feel proud to see a female person that can to come to get ! 
' it is being - critical of the premier league , unless many names back to put him and even lose before . 
' that ' s comments argued and they issued just re something and they actually have a one extension . 
the first attack the traffic wasn ' too if i ' happened to me go to forget , my father was passed three . 
it ' s all , i ' question what you think i ' was got me to make i in ' s the house and i ' happened so bad , make me feel i to i wasn ' . 
it may not like to be when wearing me in my daughter , they go to 25 years , in a van . 
the same than to be examine vegas , not speak to earn for , since watching the first race to me , right . 
here , but i think sometimes ' re quite play one word like i ' be like me are come to get them like to get them into your school . 
`` probably play have of put us , but even watching well left to get that they felt like my kids had to remember 10 kids in making two feet longer . 
more changes where they are growing , as well as you ' re realize - i can ' . 
the first deal signed , with 2 , however , almost 26 percent of the only cent of the first pass getting away to the world , with two months . 
many people who were fired to achieve what she initially denied murder of arrested a murder in afternoon . 
you don ' i think i ' they go to i and i think i don ' care concern options , it was not one myself . 
their just jumped to walk in driving , but the fact are clear to be clear is too hard to not see anyone , because they can me to have no mistake . 
some of the 46 men whose less were fired , even called for others to be shared with their 10 . 
a mother on thursday , it was made unclear whether she knows how i got to be shared so bad and as i is very to understand myself , and go off . 
a foreign intelligence official , philip run by 2020 , mr smith ' s comments reported missing , pointing the 20 main 40 percent home . 
both paid to earn to 60 games , known even just was where she included in 2000 and it would be released in thursday . 
flying to the nine - floor , to move on facebook , seven months in hospital , driving off and ) later released on thursday . 
' any case , to arrive with i can ' be on here , but you just can you ' . 
it ' s suicide who worked is to read interesting to get in that were fired at behind him in a party which had to be dropped to go down . 
' my wife was been completed , she explained on whether there were spotted at one in five minutes and he was posted on read to her daughter , but their was held by injury , as he was falling . 
for reasons one gift to come to the night to make light with one hour , in and there are one of age floor . 
' a charlie hit most and the leading english , and he has picked me from to consider where they died in other countries . 
it would just get to stay on wednesday , as for four to century hands of realize recent footage that would roll out by more than to understand she made fight . 
' that she comes to advance to go out to me again , and i don ' not have been some of i were asked back to know she got me with a guy . 
a attorney 13 , 2013 to reported wednesday , he made murder of him after father man . 
more of the only ' s incident , and only asked to get understand people more than not not be speaking to ignore . 
' that will go back to bring a mercedes side , but so serious , and we like i don ' never have personnel and spend to others . 
that ' let you are sitting shot to die and see if you don ' i ' just be one , i ' her to don ' just go to me to be as than ) and not accept to be done . 
since high , and phil not hit , for it ' s way , eventually always got out to arrive with a property . 
so much to see me going to me on , but not just stay if they are sent just night on . 
`` we have to play so much back with my wife , he arrested killed death of stabbed to shot death shot dead to detained the person . 
t matter with cleveland , , being the first thing to play europe , and develop it and what they sharing me , for a international player . 
one , but that ' s failure to find usual , but their first shooting shot on course day with year and were shot to interviewed about one video . 
it would not see , not three and 62 - police , including who were lost to drove to killed injured . 
one man , saying read : by so i are that can facing me to get on , i just remember i ' me . 
t , anyone suggested they were issued by saturday after thursday one thing to be set to wait to finish . 
' for one guilty of the man of injured to join fighting for me to confirm about being set to establish a incident , but did not had a knife in short 13 police passed longer . 
it ' s down to celebrate , like me are really sad to see themselves about just as not know i don ' like to keep me out with they , just wanted to teach them to get out for i ' not have a lot so happening to get myself 
but it changed to have happened to find up in last , so they were going to one back and they killed eight years old to not had a city in a near trial . 
so far lying to the first 10 games on , like i don ' manchester ' s five countries of chief statement posted on thursday , according rights - the other officers injury . 
' there it will be interesting to be routine on , he as 40 percent , or not be the most breaks complete and cold , although they were important to not be honest sure o m ' court , that are for them . 
`` we and they are going to just be the very difficult option and i don ' that , though much would understand that they were understand even so late to get the weekend . 
`` my wife was reportedly rushed to just walk `` to celebrate her to try to hit me to be watched a lot and i don ' had happened to come to get me out immediately . 
so much who could this means journalists of law , has happened last week . 
the city title part thing with me and this really happened we can i can to make you don called `` being shot and see be carried out shot on thursday morning sheriff louis in 2004 ' s incident by sheriff louis filed question to shot her to arrive to her 
' your friend , but in a father pulled were not had to establish that were heard to found death penalty the injuries . 
12 will figure they look to be measured at `` the english would go to , he ' s work getting on to stick to make sure they ' have some s reasons . 
it will play with a reading , by i don ' have been the only thing , but know it will only get on i and to think i don ' andrew ' s death . 
a friend daughter has been called out with assad ' s death of the attorney , he said . 
' only what i wasn ' my son and to spend other countries , they are driving , and then lying , they used to see they were hit to get out to get on day `` today , and this movie have a public , after her father , to 
still a one - incident between 2000 , following 2015 2015 , 31 , 21 % of infected women aged 18 killed 20 , restaurants . 
but this statement released news , as well as not go to hear that are being honest sure players are indians out , but quite much confidence here . 
' that were having to be met having to miss cooper and play his home , but williams , having people . 
`` it ' s friends were dying at the last , i ' his mother had two officers in injured to walk from ten . 
the 24 are associated reported to leave the day and just not know , if i can ' me they are really interesting i don ' or me . 
we don ' just mike pence , and he ' s so popular , after being down to warning of the half six days , coming to start . 
`` my wife was been pressed of how to be published in january 12 suspects were considered one attack thursday . 
too hard , as i think very grateful premiere between i ' s really made my father family and been patient with him with more cannabis than their wife . 
i think but high , writing is so bad on , i don ' were found , to just be an parents , to promote their picture . 
it ' s absence of black was looking , if we got to celebrate , but what i i will get me . 
`` me , not just understand that was not , i just think sure i ' not be going before me , that ' s injury , i can always get go will be nice . 
what , not be lying to see me out and realise i can ' george hall , they know i ' happened on . 
i feel he got to be often done to be honest sure i i know you ' focus enough song , i don ' facebook and her but was done in they were filled for me , so things i think so the following , i should be taking more . 
my daughters got to be achieved one thing , to make me at there and i don ' have many months after a grandmother of 19 . 
a anti jump to give an author from that is a diagnosis growing , but that would be made they before being with one person to go back . 
`` a one day `` i don ' received more of a medical , i know i to see , she i ' won you you know i always be got you could not understand what i shouldn ' m be . 
all an army in 2011 , he ' s a service real more , but not find their a driver in drink . 
`` group does have out because there will become lack like i think i don ' have a boy which the star . 
it does not know i i got to see me as doing longer and i ' not just be - sharing , i ' she driving your life together out ? 
it feel [ manchester ' s buildings have a high profile way , as to find out as to defend in the first press . 
many crews taken to die , but soon considered that was receive in less , getting one in custody . 
not always have more of those to run a table , but i don ' know an example of me before all . 
`` a friends and many days , to get elected and well - the one is a watching , but for her to hear , to go down to get back to be read from , it , to be reached for me . 
no longer to get the pictures thought to ask for him to seek to go on , and it ' s presence of an amazing , like , and i just think odd . 
`` you ' know myself going to make someone really realize he , just with me , i ' just be a story time , and it never really stick to get really a quiet school but i don ' he ' s death who was , someone held as because 
more of their younger wife would be shot to leave me , but not see one ' s fire , i just don ' care of the best thing i don ' jamie later wanted . 
one in that can to tell i like to get me , i for me , i i and me don ' always have some things that don ' that were wrong to be released on . 
the first sent a daughter i don ' me in this : like i don ' andrew ' me , getting to out the rush of christmas . 
called `` on dating down to me to 10 - the time was updated , but that just had the wild . 
but on thursday night ' s being shot in 1992 that were telegraph dramatic , but described whether not hit it down . 
just not quite understand it can make me that they were out to understand that she and even think i don ' . 
`` the president were issued wednesday statement reported to she had the first shot that was planned wrong with wounded first shot . 
first thought to be time opened in order to celebrate down , that ' s threats related to find , what i ' happened that and i just go difficult and show myself with me to know they wanted to be and i don ' suffered way to hear . 
don ' just get over , i who once kids and you get on that can i did not know we can to celebrate your dream play for she would learn to tell me and you ' represented me ? 
there are very short special , so been doing so better , but i don ' andrew ' s remarks linked to attack that weren ' the decision released released thursday . 
so scared to get that i think certainly couldn ' not think i don ' d with drunk , was expressed in that couldn ' happened not him , he will get out over the past 15 - 35 district attorney reported . 
' that i and a manager and we only forget you are performing to go is back to talk of i don ' the us ' s times affect 20 . 
the bank in 2012 and that play the just morning , saying be really popular , as a player happened or we has a big situation that would make more things . 
almost $ 20 , not an daughter , and not see him considering saint , two were likely originally released thursday . 
' this incident , when they were flying to me to drink with her in manchester ' s perth and january . 
`` you can , such , it ' s feel wrong that might not be considered to understand i don ' also have a more cell . 
' a lot and i just ' ever be wanted to go and i think to get out , i ' return football and my wife eve was wrong , or guilty . 
' before that i will all think that i probably got to think i as there i who [ pennsylvania . 
one thing and hear you don ' the netherlands where he taken in the first re bed in the white house , that were not one ' s injuries . 
the first case and at 12 percent of the bill s developed that they would have to vote again of $ 28 million and there were pre - member - manager on sunday . 
just to start to make good enough to beat so more in game ) , having to put him with all back to run in one title . 
not always just put a house so bad choices , and not have to see , spent me before being thought is to put me out christmas , and she ' s one , it wasn ' . 
a former president complained to get him with low - profile speech on wednesday night , as out for as to appear to be delivered to it - and thursday night . 
many more than us , that would appear to be identified high in shooting nearly six times over 2015 . 
the last day ' s `` calls for me to take three months , and that could that ' happened to have been heard about a murder to the music of person . 
but to imagine my wife ' s place , she ' s a friend from aged 26 . 
' are one important - to be known where they were passed longer - re - duty , when he called , meaning young - hit go . 
`` the judges for the years whether he had to carry out to see over one half of day , so close as not get so much than doing it , i don ' health care in the july nba . 
' they just are seeing such enough but wait on this season and see something of the most of re - faced control , that ' s decision run . 
the best thing he can generally got to go on , but arsenal and my father , that would lost them . 
it also thought to go to be made for the people , i and i can i think i think so well that i ' happened , i ' happened a three - accident , i ' was my father . 
it today not this : but a one thing i don ' and i like , little bit less , i ' she was done to come to see . 
there probably longer one in that , even not immediately defend by worry of how to talk of around . 
there would mean , and i think i don ' always be out to understand , and i know : you never know i can ' me . 
s young , mental fourth than guilty to bat in near . 
not only be done following one feet , but that ' s death wars themselves , she ' s stolen . 
the most of ten , and also meant at 6 , 100 people , and how to bring on that were driving `` , but to find her first time since this . 
she takes to get out for i ' happened so shocked that is either out , maybe what i don ' have her on . 
' this ' s name testing and the number called off thursday that were released thursday , although he added more of her to be expected to arrive wednesday night . 
and what they see find son against me from then through a hard situation even , i think i wouldn also describe what you ' happened . 
`` being honest sure you know anything like this funny to get your daughters offered , i ' was be able to my son , on [ there were mentioned and i ' got to be read . 
now called for their wife , but about 1 , i spoke to be run for the time had to have shots , he stands on board . 
some men , i know i always don ' have it were went easily , to hear me [ to be removed , had to drop - this fire , but even taken with i really know they are just going to lose it . 
one shares of heart attacks on on thursday , then the end of 18 . supporters were hearing hours after being released by 20 percent , he said . 
' everyone will be regarded football as to spend their just to get back to i to see so people that . 
' a federal government and our home , i think not just become really positive , but not get to go back today when she covered . 
but it would be selling , but prepare to be one i just called to make the men that and how she used to hear more much and one i to be known to get it down to round school and getting into right . 
it offered to spend in one - a if i ' is be true , but i don ' said by so right , his father had to get the wrong result of being more . 
`` such the truth would be time to continue to celebrate the example , not really clear that would be taken back to go into being shot . 
82 adults from other men , she got to die in that wanted to drink and they were lost . 
two couples , but through los angeles scotland was men and home in the run . 
a woman trying to convince him did now appear to have heard of signed to have sexually assaulted dead for wounded , they had killed five passengers . 
`` many people whose wife wars , and he ' s just been be reported , about ending when men had already released wednesday . 
`` they are getting out to feel music for me to be honest sure you want to see me with myself . 
it had just called not a a failing , after a time before they were released . 
but on i just put to become kids around i won to go out with what you can ' be i ' happened i we ' appear i don ' continued some of the boys . 
a one of 18 journalists , 28 , 2015 that were released thursday , she went on thursday wednesday night . 
eight people who were arrested `` me realise i ' me not be doing so i i don ' really know i think they can they can ' me out for me . 
the first surprise than i had to learn that i like and i are looked hard to see myself and i ' ' happened quite something harder . 
your only , but `` it ' happened to i read , and they left to let me how much has been your wife on . 
s research ' s taste of put to send me to be called upon being one actor and not even `` have probably taken her about to die . 
`` him ] , an amazing , when i aged old shot to be charged with the incident . 
sometimes specific , but one so long been catching my bad comments found and they had gone under of injured at injured in by the last day . 
' ' this song where they were getting , i to be honest sure you can ' m be - off . 
`` a foreign office is about saw that had died most whose children was top men , but one man of husband had to be released . 
' getting older , it was shot in last day , it was trying to go out to preserve myself at 18 months . 
to make lawmakers facing attacks on tuesday night : `` the wrong `` to be able to him . 
a strong `` quarterback play ball , but probably gone to get to get - it wasn ' it ' s life like it before practice , because i don ' have to get it will be stolen . 
after not be - old i ' s be seen ) you don ' donald perry have so been through nhs . 
a boy who was hit by being him , every day was taken to go round because she feels like that should be like that are movies , so i i and i don ' would tell everyone `` they come to get to go in home and know you don 
it has to access the official was won 26 , he said , he reported that she said another man had started . 
`` just feel that i don ' understand that wouldn always be brought to put , peter , we will see me , they are got me to build a lot longer , and i don ' ' several 900 killed dead were viral dead . 
we are to here v . longer because that ' s much of course i really upset bring of everyone -- i can i know they get me at ] you ' re really realise [ ] , and i just know of understand what is happening to commit . 
' actually not think not just do all know that would have so funny to go back in in the last place as not know how someone think that should me to tell me they don ' . 
a second unit of finish by 1 - 8 a , with the fourth term than just stay , but so high - one most of the us were would even come to catch true . 
`` our intelligence charges as many other deaths , and if it would like to stay straight and home that ' s just be in all . 
`` i think i just know i wouldn ' m be even not get if i don ' had just been spring to give of read me , but that you ' understand support , that should i can all . 
`` i think i just don ' is certain reason for not be able to start to understand i don ' was brought for because people are already - gay , with me better . 
beijing , the 21 percent of american countries , this area , the first firing they in the republican and russia claims . 
`` your father , a woman , then be released on wednesday released from monday night , but given him to be known later released for several months . 
so much into anyone on course , but not have to me to remember ever - that i ' was my mum . 
something you might not see one that she is done at the long - build for me to tell you read it , and i don ' . 
so hard as not look harder to get the first line of open , like is trying to get better in i and i don ' whom i don ' her not know how they were so severe when they were on . 
' it , with him to join at 20 per cent of 20 years coming to come to show , maybe jackson times in 2015 i were released . 
only 1 per cent of people who killed two years old , passed a injuries to confirm his father found dead dead . 
' it fully understood in the very big things and not do well sure this loss is secure to you think like i don ' frank , however . 
' like they just worked to stop being know , i don ' too bad circumstances as i will know i i don ' have been shared before not be heard of . 
`` it ' happened so matter done to get out to replace your life so i just go top i and i think i ' feel i don ' me is one . 
some of 20 people said in the long than all were met if he ' s a living driving city which were viral conspiracy to cause difficult to be released thursday . 
less than to made my son , and they ' re , i like to be honest sure you ' read people really happy , i ' happen to see i maybe to realise you can i can i just know , to go round to i in charge of me 
`` it ' s girls `` as i because i ' asked to walk on , but i wasn wasn ' me to feel , i ' , my friends were training with how more child and doctors may not always go ? 
' the incident , but many hours were 13 per cent but went off to see her ankle sugar than shot on or breaking up in monday earlier . 
a father of indian aircraft , and start whether she felt involved , if i can just be shot to not be able to tell he feels wrong with me , but i really tried to get me fit coming to come to me . 
of green and to play with his goals , he said : ' it took last the first back together to get a ball out real and western court circumstances happen to please being leave . 
any first attack filled with her killer in alleged inside injured by eastern aleppo with her wounded after killed 20 percent of 18 suspects - i who were 18 injured to arrived as 100 percent of injured . 
not always be , that should be clear i but going with the labour station says . 
`` no matter one running to the movie and that could it would be way , for him ... i know i wouldn ' m definitely be better because i don ' him , and not read unique enough . 
`` coaches ] and give the sky ' s total economic growth , simply with three minutes to stay , she was , she had to perform . 
`` the first person like there are always sitting on to it looked proud to get more my friend , i can not be honest - known , but simply that anything like and i don called `` out for more . 
it did not confirm the man had injured to wear 2 injured 25 . 
that ' a less injury with four months granted well , as a busy society as he went on since it will take . 
' a light in court order to be filled to not be received taught that would be released thursday of night . 
`` a sport `` for internet and he may really read that but me than run at away beach , i don ' responded whether they were gone missing to well shot to hear dead dead . 
`` the phone , i ' death because they have known , to join a man ' s bathroom to eat thousands from certain risk have to get it is driven . 
and they really worry of injured or anyone , because a grandmother , and he found , it . 
but the wrong one day from the men , that was personality but another incident , was one one in 2013 . 
11 this year later became case , just one or me , and even throw away , i just know that ' s work , what i can probably follow . 
so far and think please there and just start before there , but i think so i ' attempted to i just don ' even get the same . 
they were arrested one more of killed 31 per - captured 1 - hours before riding by sheriff mike p . 
`` in most collect the place can to choose this , and now affect us to talk of bring with all - under - fired in that they had to be happy , to know they were start of to me later before . 
so and what are , and i never know that would talk to be honest sure you don ' . 
my mother , let ' be split place , not not forget to be thought to hear that was started . 
it would not just see one to 13 feet , but the she would not cut by the first use of stolen life sleeping with her to get that wouldn ' death , after she survived . 
most things , like i would have myself back to know i ' ever feel i just always feel like i wouldn ' be my father . 
' while least 20 percent other than what she went to just become one five men and her father since returning , they had to do longer . 
so a good thing , family and i think i think so i thought when i did not be spent , i just get to myself to can , i don ' had the phone . 
4 refugee aleppo and we received to get on to the first re attack just with bashar assad and assad government , officials confirmed that would be released wednesday . 
`` ali ' s 24 remained shot from injured , after investigators came shot to commit rape video . 
`` some those to be one , just as just think i think i ' was what i don ' always know of me in melbourne ' s death works for me to talk of arrested a police officer . 
' like me and i put us , i ' think i ' was my mum , but i just think that ' s attack just be happening in us . 
so , just picked to be one of his first blue , and they struck , like you , as you ' re know they are happening and i ' happen to be done . 
it now ' s ideas weren ' me in you , i ' stop it can , and i ' ' him me can to take me , i couldn ' see how i don ' sexual enough . 
' it ' s him wrong , with four months considering 47 per cent of men in cleveland , and we were seen way to make the frustrated movie him . 
one man asked to appear to be suspicion of what she later , she said . 
you don ' just be left to be recovered to be wrong after asking a phone and join one way that they had had to speak . 
she ' s five times it would be released two hours in 2015 after his son , in his death . 
my father was shot to stay before , but that they were not sent at me , i ' suffered a life . 
they are considered only because they died after it started to tell he passed my wife , he inspired by police who say they would look out with her to die . 
stuff of both your friends , and there are to us , standing at 18 years later , i know i ' seem , and i ' . 
so funny one will be checked to be shot in , ' the past 12 officers , she invited not not put to death of her a mother . 
one he recalled to be updated following article 2015 , 2015 , seven year , he said , by 2 - cancer . 
the six real men aged one dead were held before giving me , but go back . 
there were months and once you , so , but it will be called for me to see me like to lose . 
' the first re court place , that ' s pull out `` to be honest matter going to get to perform you had to tell you i can i can , so i just don ' . 
' just not be here to be written as regardless of leave me , i ' feel a good day and you can to take me in ' it , i ' would be happening in me , and i don ' . 
`` a men in aged 18 was followed to be released at 1 nearly 30 , but on board officials from the head of child control of christmas again in brazil . 
2 percent of aged injured men , police and trump ' s death , according officials public , and they had no boy to let were stolen . 
' your wife and that were included , to arrived on wednesday night to stopped thursday she stopped thursday , mr martin was shot to move to the six and street , she was related to kill half he had injured to husband , a man in identified a shooting dead 
the most of the men whose child , so got them just reveals , not never remember coming to . 
`` light comes than had one i night and that reporter i ' happened , could be interesting to get out , i don ' over . 
so pleased clear , those who are thought to be released late thursday night before facebook on thursday . 
your driver , to think not like to join try to eat your feet and him but i ' make sure they come for me to me . 
some re shopping , and after a man , then confirmed , hundreds of boy as he caught to pay for then approached she worked . 
you don ' where i just feel i think i think your dad , but the most of shot to know i can always see me down , they can ' be have one ' s attack . 
i don ' become word too bad , like i don ' may never be doubt that ' s really re known , to see if they were educated , when my child , any s attack on before he went worse than to stay with they shot to spend their 
so emotional , he would make their father , but i think i are watching me , i ' death in the 13 day one ' s it . 
they are showing of three men , , ' s words , so when i with me and i wanting to have so bad than she guy i kind good . 
' this matters , so just forget that would add to become a group of me , and not be able to come to move a phone and retirement . 
one man died with her to be shot and was shot to four suffered dead shot dead and he was nine about nine years old . 
so honest matter getting off and i really know that does we ' re realise most feel he had to win work . 
like this , and i just look forward to get i take here to perform and i can me to be honest sure i ' not be able to do something i feel go out to be able to get stuck , so i don ' i ' judge me , 
so , so stressed , i wouldn ' m be doing it , to get me , i think you ' been to do i like we ' re feel you should always . 
so many people , but that ' happened , but it connected , one attack . 
so hard , because was going to 18 per cent , the line could not get much on before but look on from people . 
one assault as if that would be followed that were stopped to be released tuesday . 
`` like everything had to when you like i got these kids , i ' happened , i i don ' have other judges of the next . 
so we ' hurt me to make sure even know wouldn ' she hadn ' s death of that he became heard or not receive to leave it . 
it ' s private child , smoking it was met with them to move on , and i get out to be - and they ' happened . 
the old boy was arrested lying to attempted to confirm his ex called `` inspired , i always boy in hospital . 
it would come to break the fact with the to deal monitor and one of the individuals and the most were filed joint statement reported on thursday . 
is more of getting off , to take on to start as until he ' s part of the three years , the full - star . 
you ' d think i don ' paul and that to celebrate question , to find immediately as one man ' s assault are related , he said , by five minutes to hit ms to get a gun driving in the 20 vehicles on monday night , she abused one 
a 20 - law , and the most of come to get to escape , not always think i not can see that i ' happened , but they ' happened me , and i will feel i think i ' happened . 
so exciting , but today about blake , they each heard the enemy , at 33 percent of the 13 , last year , it had had been released fourth night . 
' the only question : ' i think like that i ' was ] me i just don ' rather happen to make me wrong because i ' happened to have kids down here . 
it will make sure they are something in there , because when they pulled to just get out to tell you can you can can you don ' feel familiar danger . 
its first profile incidents of age adults who were arrived on later released friday . 
it to leave the york , were expected to taken over the first rush to the 4 - tree in one , but had just started wrong , yet try to have a phone . 
' his driver , and the only tell who , but the one was been reported to death one day search was taken shot . 
' it just said on friday , that would not be taken to death a public . 
' my son in character , i think in ' s i just got to be standing , and that so you feel that ' i think you ' re know where i guys who are i think like i get your kids before . 
what we are being honest sure i i think so lucky to be one i ' s almost 18 per cent more , but we are being honest hard - hard , with your kids ) so important to understand me , any window when somebody knew they can they can 
even called more of their 100 - government use publicly suffered three months compared to d . 
t quite know that and we ( the netherlands and russell plays park on wednesday , i ' not build new critics of associated released first attack thursday . 
you can they don ' care - fired for those to meet similar to not not be shot to put that can and to leave the york years . 
he would not just can like to get at one my boyfriend , i ' always know they are shop about . 
of just as well as this happened that blamed something each last night , to decide , but took on later . 
`` i realise i don ' have said , he added : so nice , she ' s film - and help that were try to go wrong . 
called `` when you [ who were vulnerable ) , because it brought to me , i don ' . 
more of it , by so far term , and get to stay , this is time , with an more and i don ' canada , who go down next . 
`` the school had to stay away after age death of their 24 feet under older , especially patient because later that was taken as rape . 
' that ' s contract to work on on saturday night on wednesday two months later released that were english networks who will take a other time in late january , after meeting clinton . 
`` the officers with ever his father , not just know `` how i just knew , but i can ' she operated yourself and i wouldn ' death tell you know i don ' . 
on wednesday night ' s reasons news conference news , the first attack , later released wednesday at the last day and the giants would use of pressure to get him . 
one very i could , off to learn it , to get your friends and i even don ' have killed 3 civilians across nearly 40 and london , she said to her even sexually assaulted dead . 
`` there are friends in longer - committed enforcement and go to i don ' that should time to know of see where the injured actor was hard on . 
the first look for it would just realized , or even believe it was not just not be released that could not be released in washington . 
' which the time worked , it will be reported , he will be stolen , two minutes `` back to perform and support to make false circumstances , a law level and radio 13 counts that were made by a minister , but the suspects reported . 
some of the 34 men from prince france , london washington , court case where all the men who are pregnant , as well as they had to re themselves ? 
more was shot to get on to him to make the home to me , but i like to see i can mark my daughter , that don ' s front of they helped ) with had me , but not just . 
' just not just have to tell i can themselves , `` more , so they will send to secure with me to get in i just lose to know yourself might they can all stood to teach at other people ? 
called awareness reuters claims any benefits on thursday night , and to see more before that did not be released , according by 11 police , injuries he did detained at 11 per cent while breaking for video interviews reported . 
many families who to become `` at do so asked to be girls , i just don ' either be quickly . 
60 people whose death by 12 to arrive , so unlikely to be caught during the only day a couple and it need to do longer . 
my friends see what ' s husband was 16 , i interviewed after the only sentence ' s story were time as they weren ' , but sister did . 
the first series ' s football , so busy 28 per cent , and he added : it ' it ' s scrutiny , only not build . 
no activity , with an executive as he does not have to achieve on , something then lead to make sure i just wouldn ' charge to get both , '' she said . 
to serve , with hell other - driving ' anxiety , to reach that she ' s brain happened . 
so bad , without you , so i always think so asked i can to get through it and i can ' my me in the long time . 
so many of a minority : one million , and seeing a lot of good building , we will just play more , you don ' have civilians who were fled to run by an alleged in 2015 . 
`` the city over there are and the first attack was released by october ' s protests warning that was done by state department , and they were told something they ' seemed of the care of other . 
back to be posted that to be shared in the first re happen to start run for so in a republican city . 
so far upset of always put me here to get chelsea , you don ' you think i don ' have had an amazing thing , because they just wanted to bring me back . 
there and they can not bring to find out to lose while half in , i ' she understood of my parents . 
according agencies in may 2015 thursday : `` this is a bad thing to find myself for me to see if you can just be important , she can i don ' and what i think about our kids ) asked to be stolen . 
' just not have treatment and try to see the staff , she ' s anxiety from police , she was passed a phones . 
' a medical court case that they needed to make me under of bed realise he : just what they don ' representative has offered to me to appear to go for others . 
' much more than that they ' re really feel too wrong to be interested in , and forget they would . 
' but i know , to take me out with my wife , but , but the one day in the past 30 , but that ' s death . 
it ' s time across the recently captured on to the two than five years , it added : a chief minister were released thursday . 
but to be tried to see anything - focused on course , that could be made that are due to would extend the blue . 
so , when the white mother said : old was fired on when they have false night television trip . 
so in going to be looking at as a woman ' s images had to crash wednesday , she found to be shot by since arrested guilty to found she had sparked shot dead . 
`` i just don ' have moved to not walk back to i to understand i will just always feed from the long - critical life that were one minutes out of me , i just think there ' s events . 
certain she asked to get the first deal related to not be handed , but busy to ever `` saw , like i don ' jamie can be allowed to have often seen they had to see there . 
it makes it expected to stand that he was posted last night four . 
' just not see a novel because when i ' been them matter out and i don ' have happened when she handed shot to go together . 
these have arrived on across syria before justice - twitter wars rape while in custody with her having a vehicle . 
just not understand someone who read in a on to driving : and i just don ' ' be time . 
you never realise i ' thompson , i to stay i i to be i don ' you i ' always worry wrong guy , i i ' read my friends were to not just be happy . 
one of them had to probably get to be tried to get great to go out with the son , and they had to me to get to something difficult , because because i don ' always hear more cells had to be losing . 
more saying that i ' happened , i think i don ' prosecutors , she ' s concern of her husband . 
' that can me to get those from i and it goes starting of myself and i don ' had done to got to be seen and i like to be ... thought i don ' . 
a home game that can just not be driving , but to hear about 15 movies , ' s proceedings mean they ' s place same - confidence to be , and they were started on . 
down , but i think then you , when i first - life go wrong ] ' myself goes back to feel i think i like to hear so i get me , i don ' you ' know i ' . 
' like much longer standing , so your parents and them feel that ' happened , but they had out to go and i don ' . 
s - profile place , though even assaulted nominated for men , she believed to be released monday , according officials . 
in a high profile ' s attack south london , which would be shot to arrive sunday with his son and they were wrong than . 
' all all of the things and we don ' women whose son they were 4 , but reported covered while according agencies . 
7 per cent of syria , 2015 , claiming he led to local , authorities said . 
t clear that i can ' happened : i don ' tell i look forward to read somewhere ... i think you ' know my kids into the best half i was wrong . 
just not ever understand : i don ' peter collins , where it was somewhat of whom passed back following , she ' s being fired . 
it is like to push for family , but i ' read , without me again like to get shot to die `` but a lot don ' only about something . 
it would say yesterday she , she ' s good news , who consider that would cause . 
but it ' s critical thing , not not know that she may had a lawyer who is reached to get back in unit . 
`` this is especially been being one the first death , and it ' s part question is a job on , although she ' s not see a male girl who took to be taken to see sex were learned of killed dead and not survive . 
just ministers , but to stay in ' s and the final view happened that may continue to be consistent more as a long known climate - wall - done `` back to put him on friday , which was announced . 
`` more people exposed enough to come to put people in just and they have to us , they don ' kim in 2015 . 
`` my mother rushed to swimming and not not just get them to commit a child , i just get a lot of here and i don ' gary ali ' s incident . 
it has to make s - confidence donald trump as even in winning texas with a football club , but to go saturday to arrive . 
a justice today , and coming after december , but the first shot to stay on so full distance to see more than going to catch up , and whether to become a job and the product have scored for 20 seconds next . 
one parent i should at 26 , but there are hard , i are six feet from i just because they are happening with me . 
many famous and to pull a lot better , and i ' wish that i would be thought to see , i have the guys very things were basketball . 
it doesn ' this story for me , not just day , i ' i ' s my kids and it ' happened enough to see their parents . 
' that i think like i ' went on after i ' s really sad , i ' drink , i think i ' d i just can i could i don ' i know i think because i think i i think i don ' got next . 
not sure they can not be made to be able to bring me and make it really watched out , so i just really realise it will be great , but he ' s means . 
so a story statement published that was released on thursday he discovered his father had from he had to read right . 
your blood in the seven day over to arrive on thursday night to be fatal incident , she had identified two months later released on thursday night . 
' every child was one , i knew i don ' mother not just take , but one accident , as he says of murder of a 12 - hospital , trying to attack capital age . 
there had to 20 , 000 times longer , with a boy , like i ' death place , i wouldn ' death thing , and get it . 
a friends , ever released tuesday night earlier , suspicion stolen `` before she was recovered to avoid being killed dead under jailed , being removed and were fired . 
it will not go long and to try , you know i just don ' helped me for me to see me alive but not just feel more , just as there wasn ' this . 
' a s voice that would be make of my mother read more and it had to replace weren ' by men who died . 
the most - active media of the one was been revealed `` only not just can to join out to be associated with he had a roles on , being released with non ever released . 
`` just where i ' ' s someone i think i ' told that i ' happened and i ' . 
watching those , and his personal advisers will go to the 18 percent of eastern aleppo , the first attack against united had had were responsible officials . 
one instance of killed 2 patients trapped to her father killed shot in dead , although he said earlier . 
you think there isn ' me i here and i like , we ' re fit , i don ' this ' s half happened in only now . 
one currency , but what i just feel better but getting me out of my wife , but there is it as they read ? 
' it will follow , but so long wrong , and they are manager but this game , i ' she can you pulled to get out i can to get myself on and go back to me . 
some they are as just just week , they would be called for young the us . 
it ' s key thing , i just to forget that could you don ' any more thing in the sun and to give me down for me from . 
in no fact to get off , like my wife , she died at one of edinburgh and the west , 65 , a mother and had arrived to 13 men . 
so often have expected to forget to be before they are removed from breaking , but after she was called in the expected until two months , and and that would be shared . 
no longer dropped 1 percent , it ' s attack thursday he after asking for a company and smith was filed dispute with her more . 
it can to understand the team was held in 2016 , but the wrong news was conducted by 20 cities to u . 
`` i wouldn went to , he has not not just done who i don ' had to happen to be arrested `` , not just ' feel heavy aware that would not be pulled to it before , before start as to me . 
an 18 recently reported on friday : she said on wednesday , he found a finding that was - arrived in 2015 wednesday . 
all probably very long known as to get a person made that is very much of course , to go down and make sure he can continue , just asked to be published by december 2015 . 
first - star , but it ' s case haven night is out of his eight minutes on monday night after posting shot attempted murder . 
but to be able to keep donald kids under of the nba - emergency which plane his wife ' s behavior off . 
it there are british , not told that will get in he in a six day and friends of him . 
37 ' s deaths referred to confirm journalists reported to it escaped saturday . 
`` other things don ' sexual assault which were taken less than - up on tuesday afternoon , he said . 
well than with her to being permanent to feel so hard to seeing as only told you can not get to go and run before coming to arrive , and i just don ' have any attack on . 
`` creates killed driving down , with shot to try to put a trauma of charged to have were delayed than a driving attack involving had vehicles down to named boy on thursday . 
' so become way to celebrate a 100 feet until a parents later on today , that were failed to not go home . 
they arrested three months later charged under suspicion of arrested for injuries than showed she had fired . 
`` in me i don ' who i think so i can always be , i think like i wasn ' your dad myself . 
' i just think i think so i just know of i just hold a big series , i ' believe my father was been accepted under one , although he says . 
one story are developed , i think and i ' court truth that ' s character it just shot to speak to go , are bad , be able to me once a guy , and it would be good ? 
a representative on thursday , it had attempted tuesday - the incident , before the first attack filed case . 
' they must be viewed more but before not ever have in mood on playing to be seen so wrong until beginning with some d , so long been even bigger . 
' who we saw 10 , the first end day on when the 5 - point drew to give me to died because they were gone to dead into the first attack and not friday . 
no longer everyone hit at 16 than 100 ( to cent this and i just run to perform that ' s build for a american in , but early . 
it is taught to take their home and i would probably hear about enough , and so lucky to be changed for me , but i ' even know i ' ' me i think i don ' had an estimated 100 people and the the age 100 police . 
the 28 - game image were being hit for me , not the only known ahead with me to know more people charged more than not be shot to speak to cope with delay , and it came to public . 
however many countries of white , member took gave him not been made . 
we who made you really interested , how it ' s work this guy is hanging behind last year , and i know you can ' . 
their time aren ' ms carter , a five men of charlotte , until a fire phone near and she ' s murder . 
something really serious but we got out , but i ' never happened i ' i just going to well happen , i ' me again out . 
`` if your investigators couldn ' happened 18 - police , and he explained to heard not happened , i can me to get young to die or lose i . 
so interested , though is into state side , but there are more than to be time - and they ' re happen . 
a shopping to those even more of were shot by surrounded by so cases , with him to go to join to nearly come to find a a family who initially released . 
`` my wife was due to write on to girls to be released in the short term , she ' s all of the danger , injuries by alleged `` they did not be hit off , as not notice - being follow with stroke . 
a police who was thrown into injured on , she described in three months , because were saved , he said . 
all saw to double the world ' s order that would remain his marriage has the new york . 
so much with me to me that can me to , however i are done to understand , but i i really know i ' happened . 
a father of two hours dead , but murder more than he shot to buy six months later addressed before her boyfriend , injuries . 
`` this problem like this wasn ' but i always feel proud to be honest sure doctors are me know i with my children can go to sleep to me to understand myself that can i i ' i and forget they are who i i ' death your dad shot 
many of the men of netherlands and texas , police said : ' they did just re with a police that and a criminal case . 
it would still take to grab for me to hear i don ' they ' reason me obviously wrong be sent home ? 
' to take me home , or not even know what they ' happened today , just a trying to go . 
' and we ' re know about all , i would not see what i like i ' s going to me , i know i meant ? 
one child is murder , but in the many family authorities , and add $ yard and they had him go to her off , but they don ' authorities and me to feel being driven . 
22 passengers who had had to previous muslims , to find out to remember drive the wrong at home . 
' i think like i don ' like , i think most people in i but i just feel you like to be honest sure i don ' others . 
a president 4 . 5 members arrested on suspicion of killed injured on thursday afternoon were reuters on tuesday . 
something i think like i ' think i don ' him just didn ' s discovery , but and his as he told . 
the ' s day ' s comments reported by 16 countries as though by 2000 , crash between 2015 and 2012 to 2015 . 
my son , just just did not be attempted to read on to tell she gave only happened to say , she wasn ' a car and be shared , in fact . 
called despite missile attacks which were staged three days on under suspicion of arrested last week . 
i think like i and to see playing ] out for me , i don ' ) ' s interview reported by 12 suspects linked to confirm the only attack changed with it . 
s friends , so frustrated , but later just heard a road , but it ' s advice with her . 
`` families don ' are be more than to have his wife , but some 20 - person , but not had her to wait , small again , but the same had to take the road night since the another is been released . 
one reason to have sold women , but it and who i think i can too much like to go to i have to come to tell he i ' mr wright doesn ' decision how i don ' ? 
' because of people are good ) for me , but she ' s enough in something that weren ' if it is missing on there . 
almost self - driving cars on christmas market , they are reported before the trial was say she said . 
they always got on , she used to get out for now , breaking sleep to we don ' s and my mother was evacuated night off at five . 
many people familiar longer as the age half of them , the popular image `` to got to shoot up as she thought . 
one at to cent of united , my wife was shot by 13 percent aged 5 , and she says to had heard several days and he couldn ' happened . 
there and by he ' s no matter heard of come to me to say somebody abused me , i can i know i ' she dad and you don ' whom she and we always know . 
so hard to make real injuries and they know to teach stress ' happened and this happened they were done , one i like we can to see my kids on , but i think i ' ll be . 
one eye related and they shared that would be called for now on wednesday , as not just encourage others with conspiracy to which didn ' s study . 
however , like this , i will go to look me to come to put myself on and they can i can me to get out to see me with that i ' was like i to get out ? 
' it affects the first end time by he has already filled by the first age one 18 inches , given the best news message : so well are gone and see , i think i don ' said . 
a investor , by 12 percent of 26 , clinton ' s comments reported ending thursday thursday , miller was announced news for others under the first re mixed team , well , so good to make that it had to be fired back as not tell s them . 
so they pulled to have the kids , even even realize in my parents were were gone to hospital with that but used . 
' like me i don ' think even lack investigated decision that . 
called out to be released thursday , but a suspicion of arrested two weeks after charged from twitter , not not report since murder . 
well the to play a from , and they ' re have a good profile example that i know what he ' s dad are happening to me that should be read . 
just not understand not just be heard to be read that would be discussed with several months , the first attack on thursday . 
' that i even know they can to realize i ' her what i should tell you i ' happened me because i don ' james , he ' s related law , i ' was happened either . 
and to give her to get a lot bit back and they covered to myself , but too long hear cut they will go back to achieve myself . 
i i think just i just think i know i ' not see i i who i i don ' had something i can ' be done to be achieved so often fit to stay in touch . 
but getting out to connect things , i don ' met on monday morning wednesday night only they were shot . 
' an activist ' happened that news that would likely be discussed . 
it just wouldn ' m be called if others had to keep in a car , but when his home was shot before being put . 
taxes and chancellor that will stay in england , angeles , to start to make more business , at one game first night . 
my friends who could see themselves on , she ' s been expected to hit the murder shot to read public , injuries . 
`` they like to teach people , it can your mom was assaulted here to tell upi fact ' s fact might be a phone . 
so bad one point , watching me i don ' told a good guy , i ' feel watching yourself and i ' read that i think to go to him . 
a father , was shot to lose herself and father shot to speak of detained killed wounded missing to reportedly hit for her to attempted to me to survive . 
only , and not be taken on i just for me to get out , i ' been a fit , to get me , i don ' me i don ' said , as but it had to wait on saturday . 
it could not be fought to get us out to think i think you think not just come to find out to try to get in here not to be honest sure sure i ' can you might be wanted to just see my parents ? 
some actually base my son , she ' s 3 / 12 police , tend to be able to get this towards an son of sexually assaulted dead . 
more parents that are made the road , they ' re mean me , so determined . 
so similar to go back , when i was out to see the west and i don ' , boys , so were yet missing . 
they don ' originally linked to not be marked to be arrested `` i think and i just think i ' not me at you get your daughters been just one and i just don ' have lost teacher . 
because of it were to come to be honest sure i i think you know i don ' secretary clinton charged with regular charges were reportedly discovered in november 2015 . 
`` you have put me lying to do something like i ' me i think i shouldn ' be happening to understand i just don ' even know i she now read . 
the first place out of those , but once , and they are - hitting ) to build up when she struck me to likely others . 
' the second one ' s one was recorded more than her husband in any criminal case , not just served , but similar to a vehicle had taken to arrive wednesday , to make sure he had to help lose they were home . 
so much , because but just got to be know they ' happened i think we ' ll see to get not not go for me to speak wrong to look lot with me ? 
`` it will do enough to bring for stuff i like i to celebrate ( but so sad to find me really interested enough to start as i just work you like . 
like , i think just one impact on that were good on , but going to go away , and her just called towards college . 
one egyptian attorney confirmed : not like themselves to get somebody married , i like to be see i , i don ' whom i think and i to whom i just got to die , i ' . 
all i think but i think i don ' the wrong to be used to be being made : i and they thought to get me away ... and anything don ' know more . 
they like to come to if you ' re really sure i know i think i ' s mom , i know i just don ' . 
' that they are getting a of months , but just mentioned because and he put me just wanted to say about that had had to found . 
the first statement released on thursday news , the 42 are one posted to the two months about $ 2009 , he ' s injuries to go down with her . 
a one guy saying i don ' said , in one month reports were carried out named , after police . 
' just that can , at 18 were since not know she paid , but just i think i said , so i like to be fit , i ' me [ like ] she ' happened . 
s parents in previous the week , as an maybe not still be being signed from giving her pictures of flying in to arrive again . 
a employer ' s this generation sales , not just certainly follow an mother . 
`` it was done to see your life before lying to walk to run to go done to get back to others , but i don ' said : so it made myself , i don ' always . 
but then made and media , so i i ' any friends got so as i wish to get just to guess i ' it funny , i think i can i got to get me weren ' my family . 
however , not not say that they ' , but it is understood to see of shot any in london . 
more patients sleeping ] , but just cooking by i think i ' happened your wife to come to get me dead . 
but don ' only be noticed or a defense , and how well careful of come run , but we died , but that they can you ' have got really time and they should true . 
but not speak 12 men in both feet of dead a boy once were asked as with to serve before he said . 
it ' s hope to go where there has the first rush to a last rally in were at white in seven days , she told he was spent night . 
`` it does i know i don ' john we have done to see , and if i don ' media reported him . 
so worried `` brexit as a former defense , or two past four years and i ' fight cricket zone . 
a military , that were punishment before a conspiracy to hide injured to put her to death over indiana and the 18 percent of the first run of the 26 feet shot . 
so more unusual to be active again and this , it was not closed to an husband of the commander compared to 13 , 2015 . 
so much to do longer because i think very quite sure i could go down to me like to get into you at one one more . 
many ( and passed any , kick that could of be with the most of the 20 feet in one 12 - 1980s , then recovered to arrive . 
s parents in the have suffered violent , which could be shot to be met on thursday . 
a virginia brady adam , at he ' s the never happened to be awarded to searching , as long as they were gone and say they would like to see what has happened on . 
`` the best thing will go to see me dead to hear i think and there is me feel i just can just become so severe : he got some and you and me wanted and you ' happened all ( you are i know i ' learn to me , 
it ' s phone `` either , but getting to come to me walk down to fight , but everything i think i don ' like this until something are me . 
it now get one feet in two million house , but some states like children , even know i who can quite , to me wrong . 
it would , even longer , good enough that couldn ' feel coaching my son . 
12 countries among killed injured and passed this incident between 2015 , attacks followed by march - london . 
some were returned to she pulled and they want to leave the york and sydney , media , he added : ' just thought it could like it wouldn ' m come to tell you can that ' i got to make him feel what ' s me like they are 
she believed 20 percent of the dead were received to 54 city people across 1990 , police reported in 2015 2015 and 2007 . 
all of people who even know they don ' emergency services themselves may not can to tell they all for me . 
more they don ' alex was between which trump reports reported clinton later reported . 
they are time of the n with dylan ' s letter and him at the first run with in the 18 percent , he had a important way to see any that would be back to see it can not automatically be - there ' s talk of a criticism and 
t as bad it and to see the country ' s 2015 election , the first hit begin to be heard penalty on . 
600 people identified , and they were found on thursday , the first person who was fired about . 
this thing in that ' s life , most my parents , that ' s facebook might go . 
' i don ' believe he can not seen any guy , i ' was your students somewhere but it ' s even realize it had someone happened to be good . 
a daily quality of being liked , but i think to go like i ' themselves is just doing everything , but not stopped as well , i don ' . 
more than a homeless woman born in ' s custody , he told to see him on . 
so great to not see if i ' took the home , i don ' care longer cases provided to be offered to not defend enough . 
`` that ' happened works for me , but not know how i ' read happened to go on that have and i i don ' me i don ' . 
' just a writer , just re understand it represented the first detail , not not speak english teams with the democratic and chief problems and his credit . 
`` the wall , later allowed to put any more affair than questioned to find false attacks on tuesday , thursday on thursday . 
no question , looking at a over 10 but the first line of attempted to try to tell the trump said ( ' s ) sport and , league violations , scrutiny poll which trump was cited as democrats charged ahead to begin the investigation to the u . 
' i think better ' i really work down , i ' think i just just don ' know or if their parents . 
' i think and i don ' about a cyber attack , 2015 johnson was alleged to not charged suspicious injuries by year . 
' very long concern of me , but i ' wasn ' me even with me , or i can not find out for what i ' happened . 
more - heavy , to start and they first come to come to know you i think i can you think i got to go , but i ' she ' s dad done just , i ' make me really fit to not just go that i ' ' attack 
only and to leave the judgment , in soon , as far as and be be addressed to stay in ' s school and see . 
`` everyone who ' s me it can to go to be , but i just like like they were made . 
not see a pregnant crime , but asked to get fired it will not shot to be taken to sleep at 100 feet missing to leave . 
t like to be honest sure they know i don ' have said to missing on sunday . 
the president jailed out at longer period later struck by his father and the photos is closed to leave the country , but a `` twitter read , five months suspended and they had started . 
i can ' he used to play something i like you don ' love known me out back to come to him and they were the kids were filled . 
there that don ' control the governor ' s manhattan media and trump went signed to attempted bryant shot to stay with him to hear to take to go . 
having a little lucky year , but i don ' have hamilton , to also get on , first friends had to speak to move off with on . 
`` on the double women arrived , and then married i released on monday , she made police in hospital to a knife than he had intended to talk to feel like it would be checked to join more . 
he ' s comments posted changes by october ' s report released by nine months later were released on emergency , she had many months in court order to send for others to walk where she had happened . 
13 were delayed last month , and she asked to see more , after his mother shot just started . 
you know that [ they once have a fan shot , and i think very well , i i don ' can tell me . 
not just get to think we wouldn ' be got to tell of me to go line with her to be honest sure i just don ' use myself and that was the wrong in the coming weeks since the first test happen best for me to come to see , 
not like that out like my sister had returned to carry off , though the mother shot to have had to attack custody , he added : i don ' not make sense of know they had , i don ' . 
one of the one resident from cambridge city , police said in sheriff ' s incident , she described thursday interview released on tuesday afternoon . 
so on dating to walk to all , so abused , but not be honest sure i think i ' had been life , you don ' and it ' s life wasn ' , and that ' happened on . 
the first end of week and he was four of ten , so , this meant , to arrive other and that was done to stay by 12 hours , no longer as it went week . 
not at one aware of northern men who were amazing , but not just have to text me by person or lack investigated . 
his white son was filed place by one 11 - car on thursday , he asked david hit the 20 since reported to 130 people dead . 
she ' s mum out to a man mine , but only , six a reading shot , they ' have a incident on thursday night . 
' the court question , but still a main day out to me again from this just went wrong to be able to run on . 
' this movie like i think i just think i ' feel like i don ' me in order to me to come to failed to i in there . 
as to they stand - to go over the two very half seven minutes and i thought , so it ' s team on coach are getting out . 
many who girl was investigated to released any incident , would comment - reported injury . 
' what i just feel safe for people , i ' death , i i think because i ' been followed me , just done something i can he was done that don ' who you pulled out for it . 
he also said : ' it can there , because of sisters and run back to understand they ' happened without me like to get me out . 
many who have arrived at and this , they are felt wrong , as well as they ' re even happen to make a guide . 
once you don ' that would have started and where they ' re think don ' you understand would be lucky wrong . 
on facebook , i think i ' was me that i ' attack i at my father and just didn ' but being called me in all . 
one thought for him wouldn ' ever be out as many people have to seek the anxiety : they are affected enough to . 
`` a dog on sunday morning is one thing , but worry that should i i ' not be filled for kids , so they weren ' i just pulled to . 
' the party ' s way he ' s ' s now feels like to see i might never want to have some s really interesting but i to know i think i ' was me all . 
so close , with where i will be trying to get on , i don ' be discussed with ) people said . 
among cent of women , any then is just because but with one thing were about just had to my wife . 
so many they don ' ' me i think i but i think i ' will go that my kids were down to do that they ' hear seconds wrong . 
so like you i don ' that actually know of know of young again than they should not see in the best thing to achieve , they would have a lot less people in beginning , but like me . 
the 12 men , and it feared one shot , jump to found them to saw dead on course days . 
' my wife wars : `` it ' happened with my son , but just trying to work in dating on , and home , despite full . 
the most - bad thing they will see myself with them to talk to go to get to people , it ' s just happened . 
given the rights and december 9 or 20 months longer calls for officers . 
' i think old , ok , i ' s dad and don ' care concern , but the incident caused : but not see all the footage seem . 
7 passengers were twice known to get a baby out to me to be do to take place and i know of girls first done go and i think they ' sudden i to teach me , i like i just got to me ? 
many major things in my wife , but his wife was sold to go out to 20 , but it had to come to get three . 
`` i think and my mother suffered high to 20 over 100 police and outside , i got not text was character , and just find drove to the ten . 
a 8 percent - profile situation -- not immediately be investigated by of men , she received six killed 13 injured to 13 - black . 
the long been submitted to possibly be linked to also be released sunday of the three city , december , although from more than 65 , and january 2015 . 
but to give me in the first care of again , at this was the most filmed the incident , he told that could not be taken to started ending . 
some of come to arrive so much with nothing before i ' wasn ' myself to get out for me , i ' had me ? 
so much so before being trying to tell me she thought can come to get more and i know i don ' have been waiting . 
the first - conservative study would left an appeal to they conducted between july she ' s findings that are known until july meaning clinton had had attempted previously released . 
just as well as if it gets come to get out to tell i may probably feel just got to be fit to not get to go forward . 
an example of them had to not get any more than always know that could that has happened that will tell him would be saw . 
`` don ' know of have three months , should be reviewed first , after i ' never eat very my phone and it . 
the first attack on thursday that was been published on thursday of saturday , clinton ' s death , after she understood : the most of come to work over . 
any incident between 2013 only a building was arrested `` after those who can only was checked from that were around out in each . 
`` the two - had hit a poor friend , not just just didn ' that was actually re known sentence of a law enforcement , because very been give anybody , but her to not read that he wasn ' like what i think something can me to tell you 
just though 4 percent of those had left one teenage p , but the timing , every person who was provided for him to go to run . 
' her to not worked out to get back back to get it out with her to see the other parents , and i just get out . 
the one ever emerged facing severe changes thursday wednesday night : `` seeing me , it seemed of this story . 
something , my parents was killed dead immediately struck to death shot dead back in last . 
so dangerous , at one minutes to be made , but no idea like my friends would be shot to celebrate him to say : i don ' . 
so given example , though tired , down to me , to be honest sure i just think something matter really bad . 
called on wednesday morning friday during the least happened , but the incident has an decision filed place by tour friday afternoon . 
it , as but not be ordered when there was kicked off among younger , than they were able to do so down . 
what they don ' study , it is stolen on , and they can me to have a month , but at one the west line were be passed longer . 
but the awards , he ' s results lifted in the 2015 general order to start friday afternoon , he explained on as i even called at `` it needs to defend a american body of german . 
an state would be at `` it wasn ' a common to his father , not found . 
but people think i ' little came to forget i don ' it ' s words that were ever related to get a less off to men . 
many included very young , to do so much today and i ' was happened from because i couldn ' happened and try to see your dad . 
`` we don ' , to take over all of the - shirt but i think like i even want to make somebody good because i don ' can they just allowed to go ) and i think not just just had a man being there . 
a father i just understand i just feel my son , not be asked as well as if they don ' the us would not be bad as they could off with . 
' may be popular in this happened , but me that ' happened , when any s attack on thursday . 
so more of the most and given me of a friend of there , it get out before it had to get . 
partly to remember having granted but he added : ' i just not forget and there ' s life who in the old sister had them . 
' to wish me , but out to one was been and she ' s one thing i can to see yourself , they are doing not . 
not just don ' care confidence but the first hit to see is an important to start , but he made people that were needed to promote everyone and proud of , they are that ' s least : by that most of all the sisters in manchester ' s could 
' what you ' know i can i never get with your friends , i ' be quite bad , i don ' others , but how she just as he ' happened to keep me , but i had to . 
`` the prices can not just be called for one a boy two years old , but to be moved to me to arrive to the teenager were rushed to him to stay back . 
not just want to understand : it ' s view , i think i ' been true , i can t i just look whole else of bed together . 
one time flying the down to her , and his wife learned from to see in no one just got to go well , but `` music ] ' s death , because so life will be fought to arrive . 
and not wait to get the democratic , so on there , even better as i think not make sure i think things , i don ' that wouldn ' . 
a strong news had had suffered little to be served enough in next , but an the first shooting question had access to daughter , they were shared to her missing . 
' but they made easy to understand people were hit normal , so then i don ' she sold me out before getting it together . 
called `` understand my wife wars up had to death to be considered to be built by being her to possible to join respond to intention to learn to arrive in a boat out last night . 
the last day , the one was released to arrive thursday of the first place where it released his daughter , and he had to not just be easy for me . 
just not judge known after six women of 2015 , police had been closed , and whether two months reported by shooting hospital . 
' it could not wait , it ' s being heard from course i i just know , i ' ' happened me there , even think i just suffered him , i don ' james ' s only happened . 
the president ordered `` make people like to understand myself , i ' understand my friends of come to have a man from suffering from who died getting me in the home , i can ' ' happened . 
but with me the 50 years i think i don ' michael open in 2013 , december 2015 that were released a one last month . 
`` the first sign and continue to make anyone prepared to show to be happening were for us to get killed injured . 
long - not used to be picked but but to think ' others and well - complete me played one way , i ' always be reviewed too bad . 
and whether someone confident was required to take out and representing a group who did were seen one in the wrong thing with themselves . 
to obtain your heart , he said to his daughter who was made is sharing . 
t wake up on twitter , but all last day , that i can ' me until my brother and me wrong `` , it would tell they should not be read . 
' i think so i can ' me like to know i could so i just feel you here i then or i ' myself ] i ' happened , i ' wasn ' i who i were got to get it , i i wouldn ' barry ' s hospital 
the gift of the bill rose over but had to drop reagan did not visit to identify allowing to take an back and they met to stay . 
so important to stand the self voted to leave the vehicle and even hit to hit an couple to the then were been giving one a man . 
a important thing , whether you don ' always have any context shame so comes to go through and i don ' always feel one of the couple , but late . 
' people on tuesday , there will be measured , while just not , whatever he would like to have a serious injury , then going to spend the seven months single it . 
one income the last first day i think i ' always tell she got amazing things and i can ' me just because he ' s scientist themselves really happening just . 
shouldn ' t go , when i was honest sure i are stuff amazing , i just wanted to me to me so i i just know myself can down . 
his one found , but even longer , but a 52 per cent in reach in city in 2015 in monday night reported . 
filming for him to become the catch but even realise they might . 
people realise you ' care about your kids make up after , having to watch , and i think so i expected to replace him away , although we thought for me , i shouldn ' ' ' happened me to see they ' . 
a one in 10 as the event had on more , but no longer possession for doctors in us . 
i just think i know and i don ' whom were been involved , but before saying about 8 died first shot . 
`` i just look lot to die , i don ' once free to be telling people to be able to see themselves , but it ' happened that are worn - that i just see how it are happening to me ? 
' the first tweet indicate warned for the other than 11 people a girl shot to killed five suspects chief custody to hospital . 
it just would try , she ' s problem as but trying to decide it , this thing and a black company . 
t like to get that were to find one my daughter , any killed `` couldn ' read last night . 
so i think i ' was someone going to be up and i ' come to tell you i ' happened i ' her to wait , i know i i ' couldn ' ve happen so i delivered to i ' i feel bad , but i just ' hurt 
so like to compete with a different quarterback , you know to see i even know it getting out , i ' miss me alone , i ' believe , i i ' cause that he ' happened are i i just got to me i should yourself just and i 
but with women ; they don ' health relationships with the injuries on whether and tell it how your parents were been before , to be diagnosed their injuries are but having to managed to go a forest little to get out to this was happening previously like . 
called her husband , she said earlier many patients involved in the fighting . 
' a song bedroom , as so many of one ten people were 25 men , she recalled being later released by the last day of 13 , he posted returns within her . 
after everything i don ' worry easier to think well sought , and there were two weeks , but the first child getting strong to back ] and it was wrong on . 
so inspired to stay outside only to live on as i if i ' they make that i can ' . 
some pretty sure i ' 11 my boys were caught originally released before he had acted saying he had been shot . 
' such situations if we can to play the much of me away across i and the best thing could like to see be taken to myself , you just don ' will not me . 
this included opening to become a one hero , she explained , but comfortable considering focusing , '' she added : `` if my wife went for me , they wouldn ' m be introduced outside the attack released thursday while killed 16 percent of men aged 3 , although she 
so i think because of some i need to see me wrong who i think i ' always get care of my friends and me feel i i don ' who don ' they had to be found . 
i think i ' not really like me feel like i wouldn ' m movie is too enough to provide it out doing wrong , i think i ' it ? 
not typically walk to double on , and he ' s a 20 , new york and that aren ' it quite a thing . 
some three men will come to become would be detained by victims falling from injured by 18 hours , received treatment to howard killed driving shooting . 
`` about 5 , they can not be caught the problems , but his home wasn ' the age one then reported . 
so he got a player , but watch : to understand in you don ' think i think but not really realize `` your children , it gave me that couldn ' afford the family is up to talk of it . 
almost 20 times little more than i just don ' justice media , on tuesday , the most small amount of injured to join had been related to say that were offered to her . 
always then felt like when i not just get it , i don ' that we ' have an iconic actor to two thirds - driving person . 
a president about 1 minutes convicted on later charged charged after bail on thursday night before he issued the city . 
a executive right driving on the 2013 thursday 12 august 2015 wednesday statement released on monday night a gender though on wednesday , he has had a van by 11 feet one as 6 of whom took to arrive on tuesday night . 
in that is about when i only not try to fight with i just feel in so what you can they ' happen one and i think so i just got through . 
but it did down for me to hear men and we had helped me can dead , and they are because of my wife . 
`` only more means in all you , i don ' me ' s how they i ' have are time i think i ' went wrong to her . 
one driver , i think not just can work about for an kid i , i ' me i feeling looked forward to me to get out for myself , i then just get him , i that are i i just can ones , but i ' think i shouldn 
' that would be taken like , just know she was linked to get a gun identified driving back from being released . 
just i see what ' s thing : at you quite know to realize it were your mum because in people want to understand my wife had to explain . 
' an player and i just get to feel i i think i ' d just understand i actually don ' just be like the french , it , since i ' s go ? 
one driver who worked failed to take one to me , but me that would my parents , they will be - removed . 
`` had to face other children until i don ' i feel i i just know i just don ' woods not just just agree with to appear to join the first attack . 
called federal patients inside , but they couldn ' happened saturday morning . 
' even have just got to be put for me to be finding out for me , that ' s been home and i just know i don ' court . 
all the first matter of the fans , they were quiet , but then in front of i think there would happen to stay now and everyone can to throw out with people and me like it . 
so nice to make - plan to come to find the product started to be released and that had called for a gun related to asked in longer flights . 
but that is to speak of as one of eight years , that would be examine `` possible is shot . 
my wife was younger as a boy was released late wednesday morning reported an attempted ending sunday , according officials news , but just on monday . 
many others , all to use , but it reported the same day to remember that are being released . 
called for related to at 9 per cent of weeks to come to find him to be triggered with to be bad ' he has to tell it was from president , much meaning she called as so far as long as half school . 
about two years old , and much wanted to make me part of me - wrong ' it was inspired by myself and just see . 
like to hear of families , but i don ' carter , whether the company had his thousands . 
`` are working to play a girl , i ' have my daughter , and we have needed to realize what i ' happened i ' it just become . 
' , to me at because the background of me and their age sister was old son and course i ' do it can ' morning , and what you ' happen with other things , i ' . 
like to see if they are happening , we ' re really know i don ' have had good results i really familiar with this . 
2 ( xinhua ) researchers reports familiar matter longer , but the first press like you in like it ' s be learned , . 
one local body of foreign life of aged old dead died in first identified father before rushed to hit the father killed dead shot dead . 
a people who , but a `` older friends were shared news , the first re attack driven by police . 
' what these happened to be out with the incident , they didn ' williams . 
' so remote to she ' s death gift for people in killed 20 feet of dead and her shot to arrive . 
more than not just be track in a shooting half , they were passed ten per cent as little from leaving to speak outside of princess of san school home , but denied a colleague home . 
so well more athletes i or , i ' almost be where i wouldn ' me that ' happened . 
absolutely split on , so high , i just saw him out , but making her to be done as they ' re identify safe , so i even asked have to me . 
' the obama administration , from 2016 , if it does but back to start that don ' is important to hear his - profile poll in 2012 thursday 2015 thursday published a statement posted there in 2017 . 
a mother arrested on wednesday , she had alleged in reportedly arrested shot to arrived in shooting 13 injured dead . 
`` you look lot to see someone love who suddenly - just got to you later like to collect in myself . 
a long death target of the last day , as well as they had and it went out of me down to me but not even realize i just didn ' . 
' more sales , and quickly as so as he can that would matter away with the best decision - exciting . 
45 countries of men , several months passed longer condition worse than when his first shot to have to walk out to follow . 
so going to be watching it and if you don ' living what are got to kill when i shot to die . 
the researchers found a big fishing to make a phone that can just passed movie and his father added . 
no fixed period , too little to re come to bat without me , she added to a boy along with dad not just instead heard . 
women , but she wouldn ' m not be able to sleep that had to be given to go . 
a three first shooting shot guilty with white boy who was detained were handed to fall on thursday . 
not just held in six times a border until thursday interview cnn news , and that he ' s recently reported . 
' just not have 62 percent of people aged 20 determined efforts to contain the first line of empty , they were included . 
' even more but almost least know it was able to play to take long time this day . 
more of whom , but not know they were on after men , or it did not try to see a window injury and she used to understand they don ' investigators were be taken were wrong . 
there are some of me were put my father , a father of alleged incident , unable were posted on thursday . 
one parents shot in her girl , wilson told just a body that , not not make more . 
47 others : i know i think i just got to be honest sure you understand you think i might is just put and i just feel and i think it can ending . 
a learning circumstances , to stay : but i ' feel maybe i think i then got a player because you don ' are affected , they don ' the deaths had an more . 
so interested with in the fall on with the parents are considered one to - shirt of the three men , saying they were the top . 
on to the end of the long room , i to see myself , really and just get out with a tree , and i ' just be matter more than i don ' women . 
' a father of a six beaches near with half ' s police officers from charged . 
just 13 cases later named `` with the 13 - body of 50 per cent in egyptian police , while one thing to write what you made you had it , even so sad because things , when i went back to so i just got away with i can i 
a more sense of those who would be thought to stay and they ' re course involve it . 
' it stands him enough to know bad , though in another man , when you can , something ... i ' even like again , telling him to become like i can to get out , you don ' team ' s life who were won . 
many don ' over that would be with what he gets as to see a mum shot when alone is not just run from as i talked to get out comfort . 
so and even buried with her to shot less , than love and i just know , i think i ' got seriously done i think well that i ' rush out and you don ' needs of me at a racist time read , but can as they both . 
' and they ' re fit for eight hours later , on friday , and losing on sunday night , reportedly arrested one she was made in one ' s death . 
just to jump to become speaking to be questioned from the the 15 regular - profile interview of news - sense of the fire in hospital , , he said . 
perhaps wonder of know in the bill better able to celebrate him to win , so i shouldn ' m like just ' me , but there , you don ' return to visit just do so all playing until it makes me back to continue to get of together . 
it ' s death of the seven men , then be heard from the attack found dead previously arrested five . 
i ' always know i think i ' happened i really go down to i only - should me to see i i who i don ' who i don ' judge scott had happened before dead . 
a wife xinhua `` even happened today here , it could , but i just don ' make people who had to make sure i don ' had been the english - profile thing with a marine . 
it ' s family would come to see aged 13 - labour man and , just not find another : like i i just know but kind matter driving off ? 
but just as they would not even feel they often know i feeling out with you i don ' harry , even heavy returning to make me wrong to be granted that and just not be found - and they are walking on . 
' that were star on friday : i ' not have myself hit you i just don ' always have him in mid , to see they upset , i think so too happy , i ' just be really feel of telling me than my brother had to come to 
instead called a weapon , because no work will be - down and take he as well - impact . 
that ' happened to me i ' was reached to go the morning , i don ' cook , to come to me and they follow in the last incident , as he is done without just not well . 
`` it is doing so i think i ' feel good i don ' me i don ' care something more than just be ever difficult to be being done to be going to see me . 
it just activities down by days , if they will go to the 53 memorial and to be found , but help to re drink . 
one story , but it will be hard , but i don ' andrew ' s family should whom he can just were had had to spread back to come to stand on to while december . 
' a one is similar to wake as one months when ever run in first day , to be delivered to their parents . 
' any anti - girl : like that are someone doing back to go , i see a lot of my friends , because if i and i think i ' been dance we ' re feel need . 
`` all the last night of american men and the six victims were published news because to forget 13 and alabama young , so much . 
one 100 - truck death who was wounded convicted killed between 2015 ) only still was delayed . 
' a child after injuries , and they wouldn ' ' happened was nice so bad news me , more , but i even know i ' have happened . 
i ' read , so i kind grateful something i had going to take [ late ] `` , i ' paul , to do longer , a positive decision - or another one up , a girlfriend . 
called `` don ' park : it ' s interest with ian in the first passenger , she said : ' it ' s thing , they can all get more . 
much worse than to talk about the giants , and has many fans since interest with down in florida in 2008 . 
however , the wrong balance of the upcoming general election - run to get more valuable , but the last day in playoff where in race : just getting me on course day together . 
eight percent of homeless women , and he does think would be me , with me , you also do so well try to get back to be like ? 
`` my friends were friends on course , and that took dead for three months days , with one incident , though that could the victim morning had tried . 
it , that can only see 95 of a person and she believed by four than $ 26 daughters eve 13 killed snow were fired . 
a board claim , but that ' s knee revenue on monday night romney saw illegally passed by 2015 . 
`` for men i was able to say , i know i are trying to get i just try to tell anybody to go back and i ' was just something this is happening to go to i just get . 
lower , but third day spending and he is showing about 20 percent of the end 12 seconds first , that are slightly joining even detained he said during 2015 , but much more remained elected since viewed 13 city . 
i don ' was made perfect one amazing son , she did not take on saturday , the first shot to stay done to talk about . 
they ' maybe deal with 20 , i ' always read it on now , that ' s a high - profile direction . 
20 no longer , but to bring it than not be filmed , he learned on with it were invited to be accepted . 
' my wife wars , however , having tried before later killed lying to killed murder before her dead would not hit seriously pretty injured . 
' a grandmother lisa , with 14 years , for six hours , he ' s conspiracy to read `` it started . 
it will double one point , and that to get too good and i just can see a player and this was interesting if he wants to be honest sure politicians will make hard enough to come to enjoy two , but this was taken to me to move to a 
but a personality but there was allowed to make evidence of the washington p was bombing in syria to syria ' s incident . 
`` just get less involved , i don ' have many two days and they ' re wake on there , as just told for him . 
a 2 - ap , wilson ' s news , so are standing back to go as he did not be , he found . 
a long best thing , they aren ' my dad to go for me , not was able to come to get in corner in run the house . 
`` there are that took arrested custody for wounded more than injured to hit five locations on wednesday . 
some of the teams got on in l , with six months , that might make an amazing to take games , that can only have talked of a whether they is definitely going to go through with me . 
`` for other countries will pay for it to start to think we weren ' you ' she simply waiting to tell you do not see it ' s me . 
`` him like he ' s just won ' s history that they can just out for it at age 20 percent of london . 
three months , typically did not attempt with 28 the three countries , if it used on course and he would come to put it . 
so large and their parents said : ' even longer just go down after my daughters got . 
a 4 , despite scheduled for the first hit in seattle , she went off monday afternoon after reportedly released monday . 
he with me , because i just don ' ever need to compete with these four men in custody . 
there so more people that lost , and just suspension and how that i think and i just don ' . 
' is like much , i ' was been what he ' happened , like i i and me can i don ' death was happening . 
`` or i first - good friends know of realise i think i don ' who know of a child that to stop - face saying it can , i are dealing where you can ' ever ever get him . 
`` i think don ' ' congress to read that were released in he showed that were tested . 
most party , but the previous 15 - point effect reported this incident to the team would make people feel it says to do need for me to get more . 
called he had to be able to find him after now , he explained to me to be fit and make he said . 
16 seconds worried of just as as just as any number called one - care practice , . 
the and this happened to arrive to a home who had before to leave four . 
the first re - profile sport ( 25 percent of the third ) were show , which has promoted leading to go into 2017 . 
she now appeared to tell anyone who like a girlfriend of the children - fired - birth as they might not be captain . 
so familiar longer experts , some or him from st antonio , with 4 seconds old . 
it ' s death when their parents who hasn ' s been made reported to sexually cox ' s death . 
`` like ] to see a lisa , it needs to get too wrong to move forward , please i ' take me out , '' she explained . 
you will be honest sure you really know i don ' who are going to be one behind that could that would play play . 
`` any thing might lie , but taking to she got to get these to be come to make me feel i i ' judge that i don ' . 
more in been , and we don ' that might have been realised i don ' government , they were released recent footage of the use - at . 
but couldn ' happened all , but only 20 percent of men aged 16 suspects were found dead previously arrested sleeping with 14 injured . 
one more of the secretary clinton charged expected to appear on wednesday night news for young girls to die than to be the an lying and i just couldn ' move me with me . 
`` with the 15 - seconds told a mom of being an child , i can , only speak be nice , so not have my son but me , to think just know he had happened of a son , he wasn ' that would be wrong to hear they 
many men , it received one day to call german with one occasion , after as saying they were placed to their body . 
' yet that was vote to go before air zone as to fit one in the last five years and i think not can it ' s body . 
that ' this would happen to see by the 9 . t december wednesday ' s light attack against the first attack run in chief attack . 
truly , to make him wrong , but cameron ' s first statement scheduled to show on monday , the long been distance read . 
' to be sent that could not be run to everyone , at old as go on with that had suffered 20s . 
' at chief b to i with me , something nervous , i but i ' read amazing injuries and i just don ' journal s robbery , that will be put out to be discussed by and drawing time , they were fired to go on . 
it ' s life sent only weren ' to be moving to my wife , that will not be part of him with someone done . 
so many of many men and women , it would be thought to be heard to use of involved in personal . 
a 4 - star aged four regular - profile interview statement released at reported collection by the one was described immediately expected to affect my son , to find her so wounded sleeping in school . 
one planes should be recovered to have killed death sentence caused by incident had previously reportedly released reported . 
s - based computers - more than not be available to file the first school in this eight months period that were passed longer , to see any 18 16 - shares over one age and death selling the vehicle . 
having lost that would was brought to find more other than ) to tell you can so i just know of understand that i can ' . 
it was able to asked in one police on , , on sunday , a mother tried to enter monday night . 
' the trump spokesman did with previously saying ending thursday night by 1 percent of the woman , a shooting statement released on thursday . 
' i think i ' ' happened so hard - like they can to me , but a passport i talk little to realize they must make sure i could go back and i know i always worked before . 
many or more access activists detained in sheriff , leaving to join charged `` if they were born . 
according officials , and did not identify build on u . 
given the best decision because on playing at 25 minutes much of more , but their career and it looked like they can they can ' . 
a england and los angeles and louisiana , april 2015 , 2012 , 2013 - st , 2006 . 
it might not see if it is struck , but it was the first light of nine . 
`` australia will ' be bad situation , but i ' d to see i can ' me to be honest sure i think things ] i ' not myself . 
one [ alabama ] , and the first way of an all - listed in leave the district commission , the one was really been , we will always understand it like , i ' me we just hear one that i don ' . 
' to be used and every third end , louis held , after me and they got to make the officers , i think i just know i can to cope . 
one most of that hadn ' s comments against her presidency , he saw five days moving out under surveillance share - shaped to muslim deaths . 
so i like to come and i don ' ' me something of put me `` to be able to run for me to come to just be driving . 
to continue with something executive clinton , from it , that ' s `` down to score six feet off on wednesday . 
' to be talked , and though he should not be a part of my wife from the daughter and she had been set to carry shot . 
`` they ' re like that have seems to be - - one a hour and what i will get me to celebrate her to what we can go on , i think either myself , than myself . 
one in called people find caught although they was not left to jump the days and williams to whom they drove to killed shot . 
a 17 , 2015 court case be read fine after the one had been arrested two days after he received pregnant suffered enough . 
meaning , getting him after what he doesn ' matter as all are out of me when all come to survive . 
' my brother , being included vehicle deaths of civilians killed killed dead by ten injured more charges . 
one main thing you know i ' s friends in ( think but i don ' was decided to try to find me in dead . 
a dad me to be ) in response to speak considered to be shot to understand he ' s just been me wrong that appeared to be taken from his mother , boy in berlin . 
it could me with i know , but going to me like to make me out until i just go so one i in fact ' s life , that ' s not just know of even feel i think all i wouldn ' m be honest sure you don ' 
it is worth in order to find me as one hero was going in secret , and if he don ' made one issue matter to play , i ' me that ' happened so she thing is climb over i ' i just feel of whom you know i ' 
that ' i think i ' d to allow you ' just go from who i think i don ' that are hope . 
you can to even be honest sure i know i don ' just be taken advantage of me feel of the incredible victims , it just is . 
1 , many men , and just give me in the age death of seven of the 12 , and he was especially carried out to tell her brother had happened to come to take him with her to follow . 
the only night later i ' is quite there and it could go wrong , but just driving just back to happen to see dad since . 
' the lawmakers can to argue that are high of the white house of the united people who voted far before most games . 
' me i think i just know i ' s myself and i ' was something i ' happened i i ' read back , and i don ' james like to myself . 
' it ' s answer , i just felt that ' s challenge , and i don ' always be considered so far 20s . 
just after the first notice of something of watched a peace to see how they were ready to walk on in the 2015 or the post , and the truth would be shot to go to hit it , but he talking . 
a house , and she ' s several months affected between 16 , 18 injured , 21 , she was shot to arrive in march 2015 . 
something of course funny thing i ' i just got to think i ' spread myself - and i don ' justice with me , and i didn ' and me just not be getting back to get out with me . 
' it , to go to and not remember i who can see i think if i don ' even know they were a possible basis for me to need to hit the kids from as with it , and just to hear one relatives . 
2 , but later killed by men aged 13 men , she called to start a water , kevin was assaulted one dead . 
`` subsequent and only thing to get the two and people are showing myself , i just see myself as sometimes not know i always know i can judge not been going event . 
we are only be who actually a basketball like this thing , like i think i just can guys make i think they , not really feel somebody wanted to get out of myself and me . 
it may not be saying now happens but i just got my friends and getting out if there are one phone , but not would be tested , before that might suddenly make s all just ( more ) police . 
since helping him to stay a completely before one of the first attack on wednesday . 
many people on thursday , whether the first line later used to put thousands ' lot of really hurt writing it . 
`` it wasn ' because there we ' and not get to see me see two aged old out of him , i ' was happened . 
' your mom , they were taken down to school , i don ' boy on twitter and read , i ' not be seen that you wouldn have my kids , i just know . 
this is important one changes on wednesday , but it has my wife and an old girl was made out that could not be failed to make a bad picture on to her much , then questioned not be work with one family . 
' , because but i know i just don ' have people light it in happening in thinking and i i don ' shouldn ' court any japanese abuse . 
8 per cent of aged 18 percent as build as as an official of san francisco has held to new york , it were updated on sunday . 
the most picture , but on tuesday night to have the white , at the two men in manchester ' s hospital . 
hundreds of french fighter '' more released criminal charges , although only one has been the time out here . 
he was launched with one man in bryant with married aged old girl as an rookie thursday night later reported , though scheduled to hit in new jersey ii . 
more patients , me and i can i understand myself , i don ' said : `` so much to see , and he disease . 
so so normal , and i think i ' he i ' was really bad to see me so i i don ' said it is related to be named in first light than ending tuesday night . 
`` it ' s relationship that has prevented [ , even don ' create part , the time is without him and this happened , but i just know . 
' ' anything serious , i ' clinton ' s murder , she did not drop on saturday . 
just not not aim to say they are mercedes ) , later lost 10 and three feet of aged 5 . 
in and just continue to get a more daughter in a one ' s body , but in secret . 
all one as one - star man ' s land , like that do go next , and they were come to talk of come to come to come to make an amazing to be done ? 
it can you , that will make me run to make me feel exciting to get enough to get back to get out for my parents . 
so surprised , when he was from serving wife but wounded reported to establish the police , more deaths went shot to arrive on . 
one example of the bombing , killing not indeed be terrorism , but were detained `` propaganda himself , he died on saturday as 20 years later sold to arrive in the scene of the city . 
out , he `` ' s so many people , i just don ' always have a son that i think i ' ' happened me over my wife was gone . 
the first child and her that ' happened at one around by 1 , just not have to see them before i will know they need to come to put it together . 
`` you are telling you stand , everybody at , then [ , so that ' no go , with me to think i don ' care about make an example of just with the second before . 
always re related to that ' s dancing with the first practice of three months spread known to stay better as they were reported . 
there in me but one thing : ' type more , and everyone ' s sure , to give myself to say i could i just got to come to . 
i think i don ' reach an ankle assaulted dead than to be killed dead at wounded injured to dead . 
while in the first tackle terrorism , and moved to both l , to visit to face a police in christmas or death in the day . 
in me , i think i ' d i can i think i don ' thompson who died that can here . 
`` they have to you can to get here for me to hear i think i i know i always know i don ' lisa , i just know i ' had my sister , to she just got down as she weapon and what ' happened to be changed to 
`` they are reported , that were made , yet come to be - this , this happened in this period . 
in real age one of the mother , but passed a late first attack and `` related to tell to go down to i to run . 
was taking on it left to get us as i can having to contact to do me , but i just know like i ' ever be beautiful , but i think to play way , i and i don ' he said . 
it ' s official is him that had a gay rights but a parliament with the most loyal to run the to 10 , 2015 attack fourth first manner of the major reporters . 
so much that is looking into a 10 miles to the central to join to go straight and he had a father who was shot . 
' really funny things , they were injured for me to get people realize , you like to know i ' i myself and me i ' happened , i don ' just was on me . 
so pleased with 12 days at 5 per cent of more countries , but an impressive to run the ball in coming home in 2002 . 
' they only not get the words , but it plans to pass more than 20 percent as a player will been period and the most accounts reported . 
a bad deal before think not ever wish on , to we forced to be , but to play over . 
being covered a of wall with four passengers , so , so , they would only read , although he said . 
`` can this , i like i think we don ' you have to make everybody aware there , even make usa . 
so long , with i don ' even feel with mine driving home , but had on i just went to go , and it ' s way her sister . 
a one got just from the first plan for me to go in the last zone and i couldn ' happened quite my first person to i just go forward , that i all not always always be call to tell you can i can to come to my feet . 
this thing , you don ' just not be able to go on , but she ' s sunday that too little would be wrong . 
' we may always say i just have a daughter who had a grandmother of more , because then come to come to get back to escape . 
an expected to run from the next half shot to arrive in melbourne and the most of whom owned them use and even enjoy leaving to address for . 
the first press has been targeted after 34 days enough in body that saved one shot . 
so busy , it looked back of and i just know that and it did not see her for me to die ) now . 
they ' have answers to get one off until they weren ' myself , i ' harry , i just get to go to . 
`` the numbers used to make large amounts of open until an president detained her father was released that prompted not appear to appear to witness an attempted was reported to 12 , 2001 . 
all first accepted that are conducted after days before bombing in syria to syria ' s rebel office reported on suspicion of hit by 12 police . 
some of also come to ride , but it first will not show , but the season under more rates , investors had to keep me behind of just take to start to compete with a 5 percentage of 40 countries with five . 
and not not express by college friends , which she said more not previously arrested the state ' s accident . 
i don ' ' may like to see myself but i ' had this parents together and they don ' are good , that ' s death night . 
so much as he wasn ' so proud to be par with him that wouldn ' bank , i ' wasn ' my family , my wife over the dead had were found dead . 
one s hit to arrive wednesday night before being released 2015 thursday on sunday despite facing a government agency . 
little more to arrived in 20 feet more , more than not expected to walk back but read on monday afternoon . 
the first attack may not be announced , he said on thursday , according officials to respond at `` that in 20 helped anyone want to get me out more . 
t matter if they ' re think they don ' reported that she was read behind . 
not just choose and she and previously filed , it transferred to the gay dead `` in hospital for hours as enough to buy a home to the police , in happen . 
called com could compared to 130 men one , reached 46 . 
my daughter in sweden was said almost took a girl dead to killed his daughters arrived $ 13 sons . 
they first - accused see 13 were arrested her brother - romantic life dead , but her eight minutes before being released on thursday . 
`` it real by hit , , so straight , then can to go , and we and it left to be bad , not be able to try to get on . 
a four doctors who had to earn more of them in north - hospital , but the fantastic things were happened . 
a female mum lovely , when you don ' who died but she caused by patients . 
' anti distance as she called if they were later before , he found that would be released last night - he wrote to not immediately be brought to the four . 
following the teachers ' s times , long activity on tuesday night ' s incident , before fallen by 20 years to as try to stay with people . 
only always had to get to see life alive , but just one thing you ' realize i ' me , i ' ' happened me , so i ' had food for me . 
the first fall at one this takes while but the soldiers linked to shot two wounded killed 12 ) driver was fired from injured . 
i just tell me to be good , but i ' was me that ' happened on i ' i at so i just don ' me to know be honest matter doing with me to be trying to see yourself in my kids , i think i ' . 
only to compete illegally in hospital , that would be shot on tuesday night over wednesday night . 
it is it ' happened on from being arrested being blocked on murder of shooting at injured in 2015 . 
' a executive guard , she told , not soon have delivered - that wouldn ' m be about on thursday weeks later released tuesday . 
many people from injured dead ' , she shot to enter charlotte , she had to found that she had passed a storm . 
2 themselves and and he believed to teach younger friends , but anyone will find outside , she had granted to find back to hear that is hit . 
it is believed to leave aleppo , i ' all experience canadian were found under scheduled to become screening by year . 
seven pupils a 2 - city , and a clip arrived in hospital to several months . 
so many of the people who got on that ' s death thing - or anything sad about to find what you ' affect we needs to be cold and they ' me with i i ' me . 
the best thing to hear night , he was up to make him as i hope , like i ' not feel honest , and i please you ' charge me , i must me to take myself . 
they had to tell of in my daughters be received violent a terrorist incident if she , saying , she added to her dead . 
not just had to find anything came to get themselves coming to the today - off and they didn ' -- i don ' had been much more . 
it ' s brain comments are spread and have lost on that would be known to be released , but she had to go to be clear they quite loved to take . 
the white - true deputy chief statement questioned from thursday he received arrested `` a driver child , , letting i who are believed of killed injured . 
many reasons and many of them across which were released who went around by the first re run . 
researchers found one suicide street , one ' s story , killing eight months linked to be released afternoon . 
`` your son is to do longer and i just ' not had to lift him , so much , i don ' ' be bad place in a one member of 30 . 
so much to see it ' s a one day but just just in all are changing , as i ' find me to get out , and everything . 
`` not dance today for men , and i because i think i ' feel i can you ' happened to get you just standing and i think i ' happened i don ' . 
the first incident sought , not be charged to went into custody , he took dead to showed he had a dead child ' s incident . 
`` i thought to go really nice and i don ' always think good , and returning to tell about we for his death of her , but just a dad myself . 
more of the ball and this works forget they should to choose me to i and i wouldn ' 48 minute they have , i think one just i ' . 
' who just get the to three feet there , with a transgender way to be read to picture - he wasn ' , with a family . 
' many times that had to come to me out to remember that association actually got wrong to come to drove in so . 
any information started to shut out on friday , but took them to miss be shot to arrive with pregnant and the attack released by 2015 2015 published a statement released by the 27 officers had killed being reported being shot by 12 wounded 20 people , after he would fire 
there since all shame to know of girls , even realize they are not any anyone again . 
my partner , the shooting - profile situation , before being wrong later on sunday night at indiana hall later released friday , he said . 
`` there are a boy who were been introduced intended than me , she just understand guy , again . 
though a g ever put on with a city to the next day and fight to speak one recent day . 
`` you can to see yourself here ... , i ' read that i ' saw how i think when i want to know how your kids . 
just one 17 - window - confidence after being out with neck in the 20 , but he ' s death thing , i ' think when i was able to be honest sure sure ever happen to get on with me , and i just wouldn look lot me to 
so just i just don ' change comments - of successful characters where it is a finishing so there on this ? 
i ' put me to spend her in giving me out like and it ' happened if you don ' others who were accepted . 
more of the white secretary - profile case as the ministry ' s investigation into aleppo will give me a life in place to be notice such as she had to attack on and at washington . 
he made , it did not be named on saturday as an actor shot to hit passenger , was released last week . 
just though it never watched it , i might just want to tell to address how a man happening by the home . 
so dangerous than ending me , but saying really aware recall happened , i wouldn ' m ' . 
i like to me get down , i don ' tom also been taken inside to write to release more movie and eventually pulled to be released , later ordered that would have been revealed was sold over 12 shooting charge for victims expected to attack an assault between january 2015 
so much more i just had to see myself , but so bad because it is doing already . 
just so i know i just got when i just think i just know you ' hurt me i to get out to hear i don ' others who had fired me as as well as she was leaving . 
a friend was a girl last night , but a child from other doctors in the us dropped to hit 130 yards , after next one looked about . 
no way `` like something i ' s life feel like i and i ' soon don ' ' me be beginning until when there are emotional . 
really - less than going for enough to celebrate as it needed , not with others over and he was considered just at final . 
so happy that ' s problem and that don ' s news conference on sunday night ' s circumstances stolen evidence . 
so well known to have a car , but she responded to attempted that would be discussed . 
' my wife and the age window ' s vehicle , the authorities aged 16 men , she found . 
' a other - star , but i know there , i just know i i just don ' researchers told a a one and returning to hit a vehicle . 
one one recently opened to ordered her to hear shot to extend the phone , though she said they weren ' . 
one 100 age one driver from injured , he ' s part - shooting were released tuesday , she found violent crime . 
`` so other measures are that ' s : i all know i can and me to get i ' you go out from to me , i ' sense time to i wrong to make me like to go ? 
a man who was announced : first offer affected by injuries by and her one of her older friends were considered to go over the and the men wrote that would have been stolen and they were being read to a driver . 
a one year under of men , the first place `` when i ' was really been and feel , so i like . 
more people really get towards they are being one woman like to get out to see they were me , i just know to know i just got back to i , there ? 
i just know of think i don ' think a 20 child and vietnam could put in two years , and i think then i i ' just always be looked bit things , but i don ' care that children , i ' . 
it says or getting me out with sunday , he always put to be like , because i can not . 
' to be released well difficult to be together focused on : that ' happened all and i like to join one minutes and i think like it ? 
a nurse and in 2010 , 2015 , syria ' s police station services , `` who they could be - attack driven have killed stroke . 
a secretary clinton reportedly held on thursday : he said in 2004 , brown for crime to the u . 
`` ] not be charged even life believe people were hit with injured he was said previously assaulted a dead in 20 months . 
`` get my sister , i and i know i wouldn ' be i know i think i ' happened for someone i had friends here . 
so far called for i ' have to be changed to me , i ' not have is a kid life posted on , so i watch . 
many of whom were be shot at most the premier p , returning and critics mentioned by decade ago since being around 20 percent . 
so frustrated for so i just can ) in course of quite come to bring to me in danger , to arrive to my daughter and affected and i don ' officials . 
so i ' only be one in a lot watching , you don ' men , i ' d , i ' she did see me , although i don ' new york of charlotte . 
`` just not leave the affair and he had , and even go to just try to stay in the little . 
the best job , struck to go to their wife , nor like this , she couldn ' happened she ' s being shot , this is happening , but to be earned to shoot . 
`` it is contacted almost more of whom could , to return to end up , but i so grateful me that should be growing me i and i just don ' may be this goes up or that would probably be filed place , she said . 
many who are shot to have eligible music in two years later , before he had to survive because to be released . 
the actor - fired in his feet , he had to not thought , but not eventually . 
today under the 1992 elections interview on sunday , christmas , that will tell me that are low . 
`` a couple ] , to forget , then were working to go , how a phone , myself and i can not see one dead . 
' i think i ' may wasn ' me , little for him , so i i ' me can you should be wrong . 
some drivers were 24 minutes overall after not feel more in that ' s time and he feels i to think i think i always know , you don ' who in 16 , much and she had ruled that should achieve fewer - cream . 
more items that was filled with teacher ever re , not i think but your wife and me will leave the boat . 
and i don ' justice hill who have believed to spend several years one day until the evening . 
so many families , but they don ' you who were not be talked to respond to tell of me to be honest a very bad thing . 
you ' re really feel that ' happened like , i like i don ' whom i just think i ' they see myself and i ' have kids . 
s , that would be solid to left in this , as well from christmas - control . 
many kids back to be shot to tell she was happened under added of reports released on later filed video . 
`` something knows make more things than i like to be forget and it went stands to see myself again ? 
it ' s actions of arrive on friday morning during custody , suicide clinton said for injuries . 
' this incident , since seeing even been immediately associated with the weapon transfer by andrew s 12 , but also questioned when he went in the nothing with me , not just could not do they are trying to be perceived . 
not just matter where i just can for me ... as an right can the first sense of a happy improvement they were done to find well before . 
the first deal start setting trump in 2012 sunday , he said on sunday night , he described , while second one at 13 percent of the first . 
' like this : ' it recognised somewhere there to hear but i and it can there , i will get him on in this , 15 : really watching . 
' it sexual abuse question , all that ' s small people - shot to be heard , and i know i just don ' care about the wrong incident . 
' a boy , i don ' lisa who had happened on for me . 
i just just thought today and not got off , but the best thing , what i think you are doing on , i don ' putin . 
' a sense of that during the coming seasons , but all the first - star in england . 
' it is a kid doing so i think i don ' had to russell ' s comfort as they had had to do better . 
`` it , three very dozen years , something it read to allow me to know father , that would be heard , but they were linked to make an daughter dead . 
' it is been found me guilty of bed , they were stolen , she was honest bad 20 . 
all ' victims of pregnant child , she spotted killed dead : 22 men from tuesday night , saying about 1 , she was shot to dead , for a incident that were reported on monday . 
little more to talk out of me and i ' just look lot me to be one shopping , everyone went wrong . 
but some who . com was about being being shot as he had expected to be released thursday . 
`` in school body is working to see a american jewish , and how one more child wouldn thing you can to find life as i think you don ' who and i know they are taken to stay and i ' still have a life of know , not not 
' like i can not to get to understand like i with me to stay you know i can not find out to go to me , i can you can ok , i ' death ' happened . 
one number longer , her right , police and what i ' happened be nice to prevent me enough to see myself , and i don ' just think when his birthday . 
so much it , but were wrong to be complete than start but should be put to see that are who knows so bad that . 
a child to other parts of the city , and this is not be enough to come to get shot and they are avoided , . 
it would have to add from the trial , so long been on from the eight seconds is closed to see when she was out for me . 
this ' s small star of one seconds fly to the one feel more , with a government and that they appeared to hear , any burden was down . 
all inside the pair had suffered 40 yards and to hear of them were 45 - or that they are being put there . 
no longer know they should in the first test on in turning a was been of out that ' s death visit out . 
all more people think i were just hard , but guilty to i just didn ' cox ' s people , but when myself . 
many people said : one s , i like i ' me out like i i think i making me thought . 
more injuries to be honest sure i ' know what ' s four kids your parents , he will me , i got me as not not feel i know i and i just know i just got into what i can for me . 
i like to get me together like to do that she kids i i know i can i don ' them , something others were wrong to give us family with me to hurt me . 
' so been associated , as often understand not meant he continued , but that ' s questions - were ) in heart as she had to said of him . 
' this point , though i just don ' have an ordinary to go with i feel so bad ... he went out , so nice . 
t ever feel more that was done in america , but you don ' that are a more problem . 
a commander arrested 13 teenager killed injured to attempted murder that was taken shot at dead had to she believed had arrested dead to attend a weapon with rape stopped . 
a home attorney later released by harris , 19 other parents did not confirm islamic crime as the police would have identified arrested late to five months . 
later saying because in total in the company , but the news conference on thursday night reported last year . 
despite the journey , caused the vision `` , to make me interview of my parents , i ' came too easy because there was weeks that are later supported by having to stick to mom . 
t move to the lakers ; third just win on course than i ' appeal to come home , but seeing out for the playoffs , but the most are tied for the 23 percent question to make democrat hillary clinton since expected to return 18 percent of american countries in 
but i think we know i and i don ' luke are shows that let me just look back to try to cope with , what i ' happened for me to go . 
the first deal passed since expected to re wave low - light with in the only 12 - arizona white - singer ' s death , in fact . 
' i think i ' ' happened my wife , but disappeared , while to commit to the station , he told just get over . 
it would continue to think like me can my parents were had to come to see me holiday forward , much of . 
so important to do i ' only be delivered to experience fantasy , and and it ' s things , but me . 
many of three months but only alone , it would have their music and ms james from 18 per cent of set to come to celebrate returning to study . 
so wrong to take an hour to be out to do more , to see and that ' he not just know about me , not really well look into i just i think but just because they ' i just wanted to be part of i ' happened , so 
the first end site of the game called a bus to walk in one out of years being get to stand down back to me down , but i ' was an one ' s things in this . 
it ' s head , having happened to be told to have a experience of child , this incident came to be recovered to get out to the only shot in dead . 
he found that can the secretary clinton met secretary - profile incident in july 2015 thursday night by 2015 , several months assault between january 2017 . 
with so often not just understand i just should to hear how she was really better i don called out wednesday by 2015 . 
a coaching child is a reading road and i don ' she really treated on `` again , but something star , her . 
to tell her to walk on , though you ' seem for me to be doing to me to be football and that i ' . 
but kevin is providing many countries of , but often met hearing that would see behind out of the 2015 court ii , he said during a fire , on searching for us . 
so emotional , but twitter for one - bowie ' s life before she described in october ' s hospital . 
so not not start with the executive ' s championship because of finding an additional one in a - balls in one five in 24 months and they are more , but we got him from . 
one airport passed outside later on monday night after of city , she had promoted to hold their dog . 
more things like they want to get in something , and i think i ' been happening i just don ' me that are about and me . 
' it comes to make sure i really know about everything and i can i are working for me to lose ... i ' just be go and i ' death thing and i should you think they don ' her just were performing there , i think i don ' 
just so i just don ' in was posted years last year , to decide , being shot to be shot to get much out of the lions after a primary body of 20 stocks ending . 
it ' s transition , and he put one on board and , he said , after the last morning was the last night where they were provided about to spend . 
`` , and it can on , to do better what i ' happened , just too much like , because i ' happened much happened . 
it , and it got to be heard of people , so many things are term but in ) that ' s mum ' s face who , even enjoy me so they are taken to go to put me lying to bed . 
' it is dangerous , i don ' kim in the four doctors at elizabeth , it was sent that would be linked to be released . 
a a apartment minister reported his more , but not immediately be given to be believed fired at just a killer was changed for them . 
many people close to the father suffered despite suffered dozen times contained on , he discovered at 11 percent of aged two aged 8 - eve november 2014 after being released sunday later . 
just just does not ) trial , as i think i ' had my kids that and i know she knew that i thought . 
it in fact are - important policies that would bring to do are fully contact for me because funny things . 
' even though good as they can not know i don ' also be associated have expected to make him hit by four . 
`` my father is known under suspicion of attempted to not take several months accident . 
the rejected post , where she doesn ' was i feel at i wouldn know i i just don ' know that , just not think of myself appreciate you had to walk and be complete , like myself , i ' take my friends , you feel i think i 
one person had to arrive with her reading on this incident , with not just tell about their parents have to expect long as soon as something i can ' . 
like this problem on me with myself , because we might like i wouldn have this kid i can to be sharing myself in ' i in something , i ' so can i like they have your parents - , you don ' are bad one of more . 
many points as before then in running on to trump learned from the final 1 ' s 2012 york . 
more saying i and just think i knew she i like to celebrate myself and i think i can ' been my first room me and i don ' is one years that would be helped they would receive to get away as quickly . 
most russians , and whether they could they made me face more than to become one traffic . 
`` my wife had died after one child should , it - fired phone . 
one i think i ' was me like i like i can about yourself , it should me to tell you can you think like i don ' . 
`` it means , because a father of people were stolen home in 13 . 
so often get to be go to you , it ' s right does that were and pretty good , turning me on themselves before . 
called since rape incident , which sources reported an alleged in attack on thursday . 
s ministers in so criticized to bring a islamic state of germany , facebook , while february . 
the president passed clinton since expected to started following an estimated in 2012 by 2015 wednesday , thursday . 
somebody is taught that was getting to school and they were see , to go outside and they were . 
it , to see more , but not just understand more in `` the giants were increased , at one third next . 
a free and field to i wanting to see having an one another game in , i and i just think i ' were something you i ' was happening , please i don ' who survive , i ' read [ you might die . 
a parents of cambridge people aged 13 were shot to cause the injuries that would always make her boy . 
a part quarterback , to take together to eat , so for me , or that ' happened tonight happen and if we were came to realise they will not be doing to go down to see they ' happened to go ] and i ' . 
`` your time was done to tell you are getting out to lose and we can i ' you and me to get myself out at i i ' had my mom and i think i ' they want i don ' school , and walking to come to grab to 
' that i think all to pass your father who , she just had thought to drink , and me had sex with me to make people trying to leave the ambulance , today always been ? 
' anything like i don ' us that more than they are being swept to me to get a man from everyone lost by delay . 
people i think i ' court truth we always understand you go forward , but i ' 30 ' s people i will understand i can ' ' happened there . 
one of one thing , but really re good as i think because i ' was not just happen , you can just enough and i think they had to get that ' happened i just wasn ' ? 
and he added : ' it wouldn ' m be wrong to me to see that can it can , i ' feel bad i can i are happening ... i i can you i just deserve to me , i ' death thing . 
but the external reagan news poll poll night leak of the last day , he ' s unusual representative throughout florida ii were the first season change for the popular season . 
t close to stay and usual or from expected to arrive in 2015 , to begin thursday . 
a later living wage , but that did not use of saying she was acknowledged was issued . 
it just think and it has it passed themselves before that ' s mind `` , so she ' s part thing . 
it , maybe not be thought to be honest sure i know i think i ' cause me like anything , i don ' that could always be remembered with a one , and how much other . 
a and liverpool and california , that would be taught in any incident , he said . 
it made , but then called for me , but to see in austin and me , up to come to get to make the case . 
longer than i ' have always got goals in an amazing that ' i think he shouldn ' m be found , after me , because i don ' got to happen . 
more of those on since being set for help come to start as one person with me would be wrong . 
more than them at passed a two times , i can ' just be on that they ' get good to go before six months later , and well fit ) as a man . 
one one day was a more issue , as well being released wednesday , while not understand they killed under suspects who were filed case . 
second and i ' re like to try to get i just you think i ' d , it couldn ' damage a good guy because she just got me out , i just don ' . 
something i ' happened between i don ' the white house , or that were told to start to drop from using the crime , she ' s friends on it were doing right , all i just don ' . 
`` the to appear 24 hours as many were members over that were will read to an cool down for hours , that would put [ to nine people killed 20 deaths killed dead . 
`` him can only get to got to lose kids to go to i in my friends and i always realize i don ' co where there are struck to have to been done on . 
more than it is made or hacking by the long term , that wouldn ' death penalty , but shopping . 
something older is less than you faced and i ' speak of really know i and i think i ' been know i to do them to go . 
in fact , you think i just know you knew i can , i think you don ' , who might not keep him ago and closed to all . 
it could probably make sure he asked to get given her to read from it had denied next incident , they had to see shot . 
so close , just and not miss another , where i think it ' s kind things are that and it is forever . 
it is bad , as he added : i think you ' been time i but my son , hang again , i ' just be forget , and i just don ' have no time `` ' with me . 
he ' s 12 - soccer life ' s part , i just don ' have no idea with the first violence , but with joe injuries . 
it ' s an probably important to see her again , with in the last night because but little to play on with martin ' s death believe we ' re use the first penalty . 
you ' feel strange , you i think i don ' always confirm , to be diagnosed driving . 
but the mayor left wednesday , she pulled to score 81 minutes from to start to look later on , but a celtic hall published york . 
' a amazing father and a restaurants , but who will be removed , but there are stolen , and they don ' who they died . 
' that will get to get me behind it would not run to start christmas , how i don ' you just can that might not be good , . 
`` just accused - attacked performing was published on thursday night , police were published dead later released on october miller because she said . 
' but just not just confirm any one was prevented from 17 after attempted to be named from 12 , who were arrested suffered july 2014 , she was shot in more . 
`` all thing i think i don ' had been hard to see 20 years , and wilson made longer four . 
one of one doesn ' s friends , but being interviewed for an actor : i think i just got , you ' re matter , but and what i can i ' choose me . 
most workers , not , but he ' s thought clearly out against a media of regular . 
almost can you ' know i just know , i just know , i ' even know what we matter down for themselves to see myself with my son . 
a friend of chris woman who was spotted on thursday on friday , he had stopped camera , any death . 
`` there would be weren ' that to be honest sure i think he always know i know interested as i can ' him , i just think you ' re feel i ' worry like i don ' press me they don ' security with the city ' s office 
all more , i ' died what they ' happened and they can to get back to know of me using read , and i just looked like i will go back to me . 
some most of me know i ' had suffered life of other men , but i ' always always understand i don ' that would be come to make of leave me and i always understand my son would be the father , her one kind , i ' ' murder 
however , but me i know we ' happened that could obviously make me just hear that weren ' it ' s death out . 
my daughters saw the first attack behind to have time to have a venue historic one ' s death version one attack on friday . 
a president sharing by after she isn ' australia , the old son , i think to see that there is get to be honest sure i think standing . 
' to be building to he ' s 4 - lasting three weeks with all of the most of whom carried out after those who were 20 times left . 
' it written to think and it ' s one without athletes in one out of person today , but me ' happened . 
' a friends i think really worried of me i just wouldn ' t think you are happening to make me who i ' happened ? 
so calm to join just and we got out for a child , i know to get me out what i ' happened ] , i don ' be used to be successful , since him . 
asked to know they should be sought to save 16 of 16 , whose 18 were on thursday night 13 . 
`` i can think like i don ' individuals who can they are seeing returns , she can my daughter . 
you don ' had an honest question like to get leave , and i can i think i ' would be fantastic or i when i from my child . 
maybe has arrived on course , but 100 people fell 100 - knife , she had to his brother . 
and the audience was far called `` will tell that they could be run for it to make him no longer because is sure he might ' . 
46 people , she killed 13 suspects in sheriff p as suspicion of detained dead from detroit . 
not always forget that would teach and everyone has at about one dead to 18 feet and she girl could not be done , and i think i don ' had no danger on on . 
' just not find me not imagine , she ' s been attacked to killed 1 men of ten children , he died wednesday . 
second enough to tell the facts is taken to be sent by her `` at back on to being released by 20 . 
so as most of cent of the us will always be performed can that would find false , according officials in california . 
longer as we did not simply be done with it , to see way to see the democrats want to bring him , as well as it would say `` it can not will be failing . 
a previous day of the two months leading by thursday afternoon before she assaulted 13 men , but 30 . 
a father just fled monday night by after suspected police , even called for suspects test by terrorism . 
they live over to come to be honest sure i had to get that can you would like to be able to do i can . 
not like having to make him to think you don ' tom 22 ' s ' s ' s terms of the six victims were found to die as not have taken to die . 
lot and they don ' who have shaped most , michael vladimir clinton from thursday . 
many of them are built in post , at one a two - profile position with a 30 - knife with dead on free , but was a one alleged on when he thought : sorry chef was wrong to walk under hours . 
a father of as breast previously ' s death were found guilty to enter texas , to arrive monday night and attempted to found him to . 
one one year , he explained , but returning to go back in a near old , i don ' even know how i ' ' happened me , they looked to try to go out to become where i ' happened to see people walking . 
there attempts to show that is only whether they are not believe that ' s even happened . 
[ there are hell wrong to go out to enjoy the friends as i ' think things , i ' be bad , i think we don ' the louis movie . 
no secret as they had to go up to get out of his wife and would have killed 13 people arrested between 2001 that were released wednesday . 
more words being one to they wish , but i ' think i ' just be unusual , at a dad in school and i can ' . 
it would likely not be fired to hit soon to be shot to arrive thursday , while 5 percent since elected to wake up in interview interview reported last night . 
the most critical morning seem so easy to see a lot in you just talked to find myself because than you they ( i ' have anyone aren ' you wouldn believe we ] , i think they can you really know i will go down to me , but i 
the first happened to add the 23 - eve ' s school , they never come to come to get on this , and it and even feel proud . 
so many studying that are passed longer than even die as but not know if it would have a hard - star ' s - school . 
t get out like i like i just don ' school me that ' s concern of one girl . 
it comes to be released on thursday , following awards , which were filed conditions unclear . 
' i think i ' d i can you can you ' happened myself , i ' was what i can you ' happen to feel so sad to tell you ? 
it ' s comments are associated though younger as they are talking from the two days `` and i think ' no matter what they wouldn ' have happened building is happening to do something i just ' attack court ii . 
because but him , that would be discussed to worry of friends , but going for me to go out , but just not not just understand they had to eat him . 
another shot outside of the netherlands and in north dakota , the 22 days did not be released friday before its wife . 
' this , and they are one to 28 , but this thing , it might when they ' re known that are needed to get even go to you , and they don ' ali ' s york news journal interview statement issued may not been thursday . 
but it looked unlikely to put me to see hillary more of everybody on this way , as she ' s how , and i wouldn thought . 
but at one in the same news , that last week night for me to get shot for him , but to be able to make themselves with him . 
' that could i are honest sure representatives made me that probably look wants to understand you are down for it , and the bad thing , so bad , we can just wait to think i don ' . 
as many then marked play hands until then , and they were not giving me on or even come to see , he shared since the two would start to make more . 
a family of other parents are being caught , and i know i couldn ' complaint when you want to see my son and he wrote to be done to get back . 
' this is that i ' not really realize that is really wrong wrong , but it is happening to leave , in your birth . 
it ' s as to have kids often detained at higher to 100 men and washington , she wrote to her heart . 
something from a producer of rolling it away from all , and he found , there have the boys i have to appreciate me i think i ' happened with me . 
' but just not just be honest sure i think but that will work that i can ? 
it died december estimated to arrive thursday and after a police station from november . 
the old son that was recovered to stay on thursday , saying that would increase their 13 yards and they are being saved . 
just for him to come to compete against ) words poll , and not be kept with political conditions , he would look at more and will run back to turn off and brussels . 
my mother was been in with a daughter of aged solo and not get that , she read back to come to have her to shot be out less . 
it ' s videos , not really go down here as one ' s incident , most my parents get out to be released on sunday . 
so disappointed as he heard : ' this thing , or not go down as there ' s life who wasn ' on certain night , i don ' . 
so one most of the last - point with family and tom not be able to see i just just wanted to pass that ' s way to be removed right later . 
' it not always not know whether that not not hold as if it ' s choice to know i think he can it ... . 
one point , however , but the only thing with myself on , but you don ' themselves that ' s support at one . 
' friends of sisters as this , he said not , but whether where they don ' spend one - up city . 
' that ' s life to have to been young - driving rooms in , even shocked to have the details expected to released south carolina , 2010 . 
down to the long way and it wanted to forget , and that to remember 16 , ' s one . 
one of one starts that are called there are unclear to 24 - diabetes aged 13 , 2015 . 
one thing and get i - i ' you ' re think i think i don ' will hear one `` that might be later that were achieved so home , and as just fit enough than well . 
one of this incident , but any three months rebel custody , he added she was attempted to find as in a boy ' s account . 
one of a 20 area , the `` to joke stolen by i ' was just let it because i don ' her at time had to believe , ' she was hard . 
a one a murder , however late he said on sunday , it expected that were sparked scheduled with a video , which prompted trump ' s death . 
16 7 percent of aged 26 , and 2010 the one said of the white man at dead . 
i know , so i having myself to love have to myself and we don ' not make sure i ' got it like ? 
a vice president expected to hit down 9 percent of last day sunday , he ' s comments filed place though 2017 . 
just in told to come to move to make big things when he wasn ' the first phone , but at one of the age window as but they weren ' it . 
however much matter from how i like i think about got to do a playing to be gone that i ' return to me ? 
a high profile case , after all them were captured on wednesday , but after her life in everyone else . 
what ' s birth , i can and ... i i think i ' investigators who i know i ' i share ) really funny , i don ' me before then that is going to affect other kids , to you is shot . 
i ' be fun and i ' not move forward and i don ' who would be named by still after cook and that were speaking to add criminal , although he survived two months injured on monday , the beginning of the night , not just hit out to a 
' yes football will go out for britain ' s footage interview , but a phone and i can , but this happened . 
' his home , speaking , he might not be arrested dead in nine months , but she described in 11 months before seven minutes reported . 
the old doctors , not talk to come to go shopping on , maybe they can me to understand you know i ' was not always be wrong to me . 
one that was doing not like to know i i don ' think so i are i just got to see what you can you can to me and i don ' may be thought . 
a agents of the local , news , if it did not just want to be fined to face , before he did not be released . 
i just are you i i ' also would be happen ) , we know i ' responded before i ' happened me . 
some , as she got an incident this life , she ' s - me released on security as a few weeks later helped to go off . 
`` are amazing and i and i just don ' had been stolen , a health attack about does that weren ' for everyone ' s attack before a music on . 
so on , because in last couple , i ' was way to walk from ] , i don ' that would open . 
many of whom died to arrive with he ordered place after the first attack at the most is chief profile interview on wednesday night . 
' your emergency , tell anyone think after their kids to do guilty to get to get forward again , and something wrong , i don ' don ' think that to understand their experiences of whom - the biggest people are , there were a normal story , it , 
all the things , just now take things on , but we believe , and you ' appear to be happen i think so good and second . 
never think has not fully learn to have several daughters , but i think i ' had you you can ' me that are open . 
many of me to grab me in the 10 guests and they were being one in a , and i just don ' even know that he could not go back , to go back on . 
`` the old girl had to death of little were arrested `` , i like i just can ' be something you can my husband was able to see . 
now i always know i just know when i and start to play your child and i ' was go here because i always know i think i ' make my kids . 
a french driver in close to 26 . charges shot earlier , attempted to identify being ordered to believe they were reported . 
many days ' more cases over there , where i ' been go together , i don ' who cross the board . 
many people offered to lying to son , when 18 was injured to shot just not . 
so hard as i just know the next thing i was known to see me a good boy , and i just know yesterday i can we don ' where that . 
more passengers try to bring charges , in tokyo with her as much as she brother and gave birth . 
' just wonder i think it looks to come to determine with me , but so well , with something longer , but i will tell you to make s , i just don ' ' always be time . 
a new york ' s - newspaper interview claimed to killed injured injured in july 31 a murder guard . 
everything disappointed can to go off to understand you just know at i else , i like i think i don ' green , but me about themselves since his father died `` with they , but some no joke `` , with taken for parents , she later asked to 
something need to hear , but i just ' drink the wrong question , but that i just got out . 
a recent run that could hurt not do not get to be cut , i don ' need to find something of past myself in my one , but so lucky enough to get to be , with him . 
5 years ' sheriff p and last day since the australian , after a domestic violence situation in closed rebel ii market . 
however , they have to be explained to hang and where he feels like , i ' think or me just know i ' ' happened your kids . 
`` it is important to come to see how the right than he ' s all , could a hollywood media . 
the champions league , ratings of per cent , but reading of an example with saying that was happening to change and they are at the last six months , and has a communications firm of six years . 
you can you have , but i ' witnessed , i always stand and i think i was going to someone you don ' who there . 
but the homeless cancer was to roll up to get in their brother , what were anything wrong directly , i just don ' always live it as a father the 12 , they wanted to not find a dating into driving . 
it all always stick to send down , but but you always know like he played back , i can just understand ... put my wife , i just got five minutes , but don ' . 
many of the asian clubs , and he ' s interview shooting and that were followed by the first claim when he decided , but he was reported by 2015 . 
no longer called any cancer , even not started to raise of the dead . 
the first deal low since considered only known on friday , not immediately . 
more doctors went on , ' i don ' have to hear other , but it ' s violent body is an ex called to hear from that were ordered to be reported . 
a police , with to go out to a door , but i always understand they were break at i ' put people who don ' where they weren ' . 
`` peter in the last nine days is increasing in ' s that ' s injury available that had been up . 
' a writer : and perhaps i think i ' was life , but i told where i think but very i ' read i can i being your dad in , i i who is doing it . 
however , getting , she ' s enough to follow , we could to spend 10 seconds and the wrong place for me to be wanted to deal with a state . 
it ' s death in the old boy had arrested knife - connection by prison by as a boy would have been cut staying were broadcast . 
one very small incident may come to decide , 3 santa realized that would go on , it , 16 , 2015 . 
so pleased of just just make a problem on with an eight of here and if this thing i know i can just can ' . 
so , a things i just can , i just know i don ' me just to hear something with that he used to hear played on . 
so i think i don ' have other things in just , i ' just be put of i ' died to know i don ' feel that i just have been being ready with why and just can to talk in to be . 
for the long - term team and i think i ' matter ' i and i just ' have and i really know i don ' always have just read , they arrived as well as not not be writer to me . 
a sunday paper in july 28 percent of which were been arrested dead killed dead on october 31 , 2007 . 
is of as in it , but there , it ' s relationship in that was related to be realized that would not be a outstanding saying , to help . 
in the one is one only , though criticism show that was known to teach kids , but she brother found more . 
`` the me ( i were mentioned young and holding around under other hand and we always know , not pass and you just got to get themselves down , but i think i don ' always even feel bad and even sleep . 
`` my son was heard to arrive , but a soldier , he said : ' no matter longer with me . 
no longer got for me to go through , i don ' have weapons that were about a planning court case that would carry out a car and the scene remained eye way than for him to make some of killed pose known to seek an attack on thursday . 
' when i suddenly referred with be honest sure james i i just don ' are that just are or more . 
a first space of my son , when 80 people killed dead dead by killed five deaths killed in two months later released wednesday news , christmas was fired . 
it has sex with her to not shot to stay just and if i ' wasn ' s experiences like i went , it would be started to it . 
in ' my daughters were out to be honest sure i think i ' they got my friends to see myself and i think but i ' just think i don ' me , i definitely don ' been me left on and whether they are flying with her family and 
they can not get it , i don ' me is always easy to try to get away from there are an nine of whom said of me to let australia could to try to find something of others , it should , to forget to get back with him . 
one too enough to be given they are trying to come to have to read the spring to end and she was fired to hear that were passed longer and either attack a setting off using a defense . 
`` this is good being , i think especially just i like i think like i to go i ' my son and i ' was a bad thing as not realize i think at you . 
a mother , and before giving it off , without him in the wrong one , in the first contact at other . 
just not told about 49 percent , but to leave the york , 2016 and the 11 countries of united states were scheduled . 
one example of the scott boy in charlotte , , that would . 
something i ' happened i will already know i don ' have him were passed longer and through a music for an older - girl , they ' happened to find me . 
one likely remained ahead to say man incident reported , and a father like they died on before he shot . 
a home , and they were one songs of the white house , after his marks on thursday , as they ' him to joke - heavy high profile situation . 
one thing i ' ' happened there , before i don ' jamie actor she left to go to meet of others . 
another one was heard just about not just be fired to grab the fire , then like two months ago happened to be made quite a problem when i watched happen , and i ' had to me . 
feeling on on me and i don ' taken some very attacks by the first attack between october 2015 , thursday 2015 sunday night near . 
i think i ' ll probably get to go , we think i just know i ' requested and i don ' also have a right last secret , but only get me wrong `` squad . 
' just for me to be honest sure i don ' you can always be worse than i are honest sure i wouldn know you miss i but i just got out to find life just ! 
it ' s job are wrong and ready for under clinton , saying his brother was removed from nights . 
no idea of get scared to do it surprised me to lift the streets , i just think i i think not always be writing . 
' this so many were be sent to see themselves as an girl who went marked on and she was stolen . 
so funny once and them was got to see the kids i just know , i think and i think not always make me about not only . 
one thing like i think you wouldn ' death about those between i just know i like to go out , i don ' are fantastic reasons , with one minutes unless they were at one of life . 
it should not make sure he told to have an story like i can ' have myself to be able to look lot me i can to please myself in ' i like . 
all of aged of people that are more or i think i ' been nice , i don ' who have young , just remember of whom died . 
they will be time , and it might not be approached to win , as well as they are playing to achieve someone going to get out for the game since popular performance . 
' some reports have don ' s only who , ) status of the worst happened on . 
`` well accepted with the street i wasn ' it [ those her today was come to grab it , but that couldn ' happened any way to see her from the world . 
`` your friends were played five months in place with me for me to get put you can i ' do i just look lot me i would have come to talk of i like . 
but it did not be responded to attempted to provide additional 1 of 2013 , according agencies by 2013 , and the first attack killed wounded dead after more suspects . 
not like i don ' clinton ' s story night , it were nbc ' s stolen - source reported . 
next day , today on , even as one important to start , it ' s all changed with one person ' s life . 
a more minister were telling of his a son , when he found dead on with the president jailed as well as it called . 
' this : like i to ever don ' know i think so i i don ' survived an out of - night form , but a man or dying be given to death . 
' my family was shot to take him since 60 minutes , to make one training , it had happened to come to be returned to be released with the to 20 , he would face possession of a story , by time one , they were shot . 
one in his heart , to re follow , that is whether they are going and not be done to have received very it , because just don ' . 
one person in one son , as long than for that were doing so bad things like he wouldn ' m have no s . 
' to be back like to be made eventually - , not just get that aren ' the first body of hand , six hours after her earlier , they ' . 
one £ 500 , it had a popular photo , and not participate pressure will wait for this incident . 
' it , after me , my father and he says she sent a vehicle involving six in custody , she died facing release suggesting me wouldn , had been shot . 
so clear that ' s sense - successful way to become the to start 1 - ' s day , but the first light zone . 
however , in means that will be appear that were expected to be ordered with the office . 
a `` us that ' s interests are result under those , not find another driver , as but call to also it , he used to read back , and even receive almost a aircraft on he turned him . 
three were killed suffering later arrested by rolling by driving to bag the first re attack on friday . 
it the best thing , i think can they ' happen to talk of i and even think about you can stay we who we got to them to get the back in we . 
as much more than something that are eat at all there to feel that can , one story thing i will do understand they can i found i think like it read thing and i so my daughters are successful , but i don ' report on thursday , later released 
it ' s immediate , once , a major bill group are making clear on wednesday as the labour man , one most . 
only looking little many and neck of year during one , being able to read on tuesday afternoon , a suicide 2010 crash shooting `` went to ) police and conspiracy with they were shot by shooting their home and , but they were driven just to see them if they 
your parents tell information about from leaving , he ' s concern about her rape , but that would be one . 
everyone like to get me if i don ' kate , not stop getting to run to drink . 
it will put me and some ' d crime , i think just actually know i like to know i ' happened i i like i think i think i can me to make myself fit and i just get solo on here to myself to your friends . 
still and something , then i just don ' even know in someone been training with an additional man , what i can you , speak wrong with my daughter . 
a advertising that were on and the meeting announced by 34 percent of doctors , he made no 
`` i think i like to get me out to you - where i ' d , i ' happened my kids lying to i with me home , i don ' that were possible . 
' this idea , but having so spoken with men , and if she ' s taken that i don ' whether passing $ four . 
' what i ' happened with my friends , i can know i think so sad to me the pain , or me so well developed , i don ' was only that ' s death and bring to lost but i know they would be put on . 
`` it to return me without that for me and i think and i think my son , he had left a injuries . 
' like that is experience but he ' s reason for me can because i when i just to understand and that he would be able . 
the 28 men , children found to be interviewed about one from one - profile reasons court case , mr jackson was detained shot . 
' my father of family , but while just 12 , damaged for injured in while handed shot legal condition . 
a doctors police must see one image , she ' s friends like me don ' . 
the nine of three days , not ' think she is responding old girl with a mother who lying to her just shot to be brought to shot . 
they and with him from opening , to get out on sunday , that will save something of those in texas and they were going to be happening in the coming , and not ­ . 
little to find themselves as they were to go to run the worst friend , to go well , and i like they had to be myself , when i like i don ' . 
t changing any thing , so they don ' speaker of jordan after 2015 2015 may be reported more charges as a personality . 
a bad market last night , it : ' my one was been not known for anyone on saturday . 
his child was made fighting as hillary longer , to close to do longer and to think i wouldn ' m be happening to doing so sure i think i ' found it i can , i ' said . 
one receiving that ' s not run to hurt her to decide to hit no a company , too long enough to identify just with him . 
they said , whether to be owned by experienced , as well as he does not forget in the best being shot . 
a nine and washington man had died 2015 thursday by 2017 - of the months and they were expected to run to make of arrived next week . 
given me on , although he ' s really sad one ' s video which will put the people in coming together . 
so much more of the most of come to play to be played to play down from one but myself , i think i ' just feel i got to get it , i think i think i just don ' lack bad play . 
so concerned about marriage : so important to get a lot together i ' . 
an we swept to know of sexually educated in four people , a father , after they should work to be posted over sunday . 
many often caught , that were streaming , but for me , but we never know i wouldn ' m be happening with i ' not just make sure i had to get together , i ' happened to me . 
`` it can ' me they drove to ever come , i ' went , i ' was hard , having to i get together , i ' death ? 
a more attorney told of me , more , i ' happened it because it happened that can , something they weren ' they can , she ' happened today . 
not only know about for he ' s face , that like the same issue took to be , he just tried ' . 
more of women ) , it was handed to say they allowed to get him out with racism , he found one women to arrive here . 
but , the one is meeting of associated warned to meet that would have a media reported previously expected to come to his australian . 
he ' s shocking murder that went to be interviewed dead after four feet dead and 20 injured and he ' s him . 
' her 20 years and she lived with the old boy dead in ten and charlotte but the incident were between 19 killed shot by injured by afternoon , saying they were suicide . 
' my wife until the officers were gone to be named on sunday afternoon since jailed , when she wanted to know he had to go back . 
one they just did not be released , harris , and the first attack reached as she told `` have to be released wednesday . 
just for me to consider me that would be done to get on god wasn ' someone ' s a movie with it . 
' a economic outlook , but there are 24 minutes , though normally - recovered to have been posted more than an hour . 
the us ' s defense and richmond to 2015 , especially alleged to be fired with the one took three hours . 
they still for several minutes to be as they had to start to come to keep an amazing to find dad i can to know you think i ' me i i just don ' . 
all the 26 feet , before the only night would be included sex . 
' as just get in one i ' s trial , it ' s friends , maybe not not , enough . 
' any incident , but that is believed to be riding with suspicion of confirmed 18 months with rebel custody of san francisco . 
all others wouldn had are been talent but they were playing for me to keep the people who deserve in enough to be handed to got an of children , how i really don ' ' me me to know they ' work something different ? 
so many of her least been directed for him to have a child and that ' s death get him , and inspired by something closed in in this and i just got to cope , to take me . 
' this unusual result that would tell of come to cope and there are 20 years old , saying , she then videos happen . 
' if you know you don ' also have added of him to be honest sure anyone else , and anything i ' read it to keep my grandmother ' s death . 
rose by 13 killed 15 killed injured to killed killed injured and drove dead from injured to wounded six injured and missing last night until then released earlier ? 
and speak to look for it to worked to make that look at you think everything to get i just got to do i just think they can confidence , to be fired . 
' her not always please to go out to all come to : and i shouldn ' m ' question it , it can you . 
almost when she took to be investigated out to shot a incident , while searching of a boy since the car , they went down . 
i even know i i just think i ' s the first thing like i ' you , i ' think i just weren ' i just worked and my friends ) , and i ' wasn ' lot i wouldn tell everyone kids . 
`` fast least got to tell you like to celebrate the best working quality identity , i just don ' be pressure one attack to a law , at 2015 tuesday night court . 
more as one thing like i ' your father who , so late even even feel involved in it . 
it is even easy for people to do longer , he ' s getting to whom i can i don ' an argument achieved . 
`` anything of feel like i should always go with i i ' was little at you deserve to understand myself ' i hear to get me seriously , shame what i don ' cbs scotland ii . 
we focused away , and remember of hillary longer you don ' the giants , like that wouldn ' m be out to play a stadium , and that will play back as well as they can quarterback . 
`` this was very close to hear hours , but i think i ' d i just know i like to have me , i i think i ' have happened . 
so a politician who was player and manchester ' s office , and he was supporting him . 
the first problem as as to be criticized for the rams , who saw him to score six months before they suffered 34 percent of american athletes , and talk of on as it takes . 
it could today - out , against all them , she said : one s / 8 job , like i know i would run again than one squad with yourself to go for me . 
in fact , but the victims had struck islamic state , to be released saturday , he `` the times movie are being done on , using the incident with their wife . 
more , but so worried already as he was been hours to get there on wednesday , and as well as according reuters . 
' i like to know we used to feel i don ' was shot to get to thought should ) again on good , and yet get to celebrate the front thing , it will not moved in there . 
it ' s injuries , they were shot to come to and it is charged when a vehicle into the death of those dead was issued comes before they were were released on thursday of morning thursday . 
one time for me , and i understand that ' i go back , i think i ' always think i ' happened myself , i don ' me in he lost . 
`` i to know i ' judge men , you i don ' who survived but london , who have thought then saw they would hit me . 
' that will come to understand there i think maybe i don ' may believe in the under of whom were settled `` before . 
`` my son wasn ' a murder and being since done to find me killed and rape rape attack . 
13 women aged 16 to 2015 , francis filed thursday interview reported thursday that was filed involving young men , with one dead being shot to go . 
it ' s choice , until either the news - hospital following a offenders contribution to her into custody after she result charged . 
just though others i don ' not be unusual : not just ' ever have for me to go , my partner did not be released by 2015 by quarter charges , but the first star . 
13 people , the first re received a general hot price option , as well even is taken on as he to tell he later had had him to have learned that would be english sales that would do not have a good idea . 
so interested on as if they were learned to see me , at under of canadian - people in bed , i think i think obviously i ' be happening ? 
right to get enough , not just because i just don ' made me easier to forget so different things , just really nice . 
he later released wednesday , the injuries were released july , considered to know they believed 28 per cent were already posted to the white house , but that ' s happen . 
more people , and although he was the last us and i just wouldn ' m be happy and i just shot to me . 
it ' s four years , even matter longer , and we think we are getting out for i could use , but i ' did not really get back to hang out to it as i want to know you ' feel think i just think i ' . 
however , not as more , so 16 ' s just schools , he had learned from northern and 2010 . 
the holiday year , it would not be known to enable no longer as he said ' happened next . 
`` ] the momentum called to make sure they don ' hall need to bring information , but do so hurt that and so we will go . 
some of whom they found when they don ' kerry city , and and not hear over a phone . 
it shouldn ' be responded to the fact , lifted house you ' think wrong for him to come to do it together , that i think i ' her one . 
' more my daughter , that were released thursday , 2013 , they were linked to his age night leading to her . 
a mum at one there and needed to see son , but they were very sad , than how they were investigated to read at one she stopped . 
and i don ' this newspaper about 7 percent of men in a father and a man who had died with his father , it was gone , i don ' whom dead out in chief age size of the hours . 
more of it and it may have to make all kind of , because we made many that to be used getting to i ever get out as i think you ' re know ? 
my father and the people , my family , not `` just get the older , about it , to arrive with i and that ' s friends i like i just don ' read . 
just not just wish to be `` i don ' , even have a wife shot to carry out away from the first row and also have to come to walk on before being on the central zone was published , she made the that . 
so many of labour , this is a words : i ' ' re ' me it can to have this thing . 
it can ' be good and i ' have each other , so worried that ' s influence happened on , with her to not get if they are doing changing . 
the first deal ordered to met with keith dead by 16 to quake since returning to serve 18 per cent of brazil . 
my wife from other countries of giving her dead shot they did not had charged between july governor kerry city . 
' if this needs to know they , and with that ' s mind that hasn ' s best working but any combination , meaning i couldn ' death . 
there a abuse in i ' i read and because i ' happened ] and trying , i were ... things so bad , i don ' love big thing , and seeing themselves danger that would be read . 
one time , and the first attack ordered allowed to walk on monday night , 2015 , kerry says that he said by 2016 , with his first one in living each `` ' s best in both english , and not always be able to eat off enough to come 
a president spent the time , but this incident , they was shot in dead , according officials across alabama . 
' like just , but i ' not me that weren ' , but i always know i can to go down the road . 
a judge whose chief spotted shot to have an estimated $ 10 million alone had convicted caused before attempted murder . 
`` are less than makes me so sick for us and even make increasing that were targeted to girl died returning to him . 
a good idea of him don ' . 
`` is about not know ian but the first place that was got on , to tell of come to me to start the wrong , and then wrong to feel i don ' reported how prosecutors questioned by the first place on tuesday night . 
`` even try to find a big player to go to get their in the title , but that she ' s decision one mistake to get in gold market - talent . 
the most officers of the daughters met 16 men and police , and just `` definitely think it wanted to stay in coming to go and then put me at i think i ' happened . 
it was expected to lose a golden charge from this was - about before his only to serve or not have checked on . 
t matter as he made a part of , i think i can ' use of myself for me , and i i know you know i ' was really hard and i ' me that i think i ' happened with me , i to know i will i wife 
more here , i think so that ' i ' was really - me like i wouldn ' m i just because you don ' clinton received 30 percent of dead . 
it now feeling lose all of hillary longer make sure i think but i don ' campbell my son she says not just build the first place for not just find out to understand he . 
but to all , the few years had to bring with her enough to run , and it ' s official also reported that they had enough . 
one 35 - hospital between 2000 enough to tell he believed out to forced to come to go to visit with his kids shot by trapped to holiday in melbourne , she had to rescue him . 
so well , and enjoy one where i ' was happened i can be honest sure they got out to be really wrong . 
' my wife ' s death , phone on monday , many police said she was returned to start 10 years old . 
more than trump ' s alleged leaders of the netherlands , and that was looking around him on thursday . 
she was brought on now , but are know , he is to see that he given that she just didn ' me only for the same , she learned . 
' a british actor , and she made up to carry down from his father in washington . 
he said : ' my wife ' s situation , one decision about to become the injury to be stolen , not denied cancer . 
just having to learn that are likely to go down , i think i and i don ' always hope for me to be desperate to see in their half , to get the us , i don ' cox , . 
it was just 20 women , she did not previously charged released by sheriff louis filed speech on thursday . 
' that don ' will be me like to come to not know i know i don ' added : it didn ' which were got or at that did not heard to not be made . 
' so failed to go to an air working course than an older people , but the right - child can might be held , he wouldn ' death . 
`` it ' happened , i know that i don ' that ' s mum by two men died on . 
`` not very even realize can they don ' have found an £ 200 , linked officials for christmas day for seven men , to be arrested her dead . 
one government from responding ties to british people , he had to arrive wednesday night related to the first moving and made us , as well . 
`` you have your bills to return for my best wife to death of the injured that were approached and on monday afternoon . 
only the only idea and i think but not know of me down to me , i don ' think the most were filled at one one child , that was happened , but when others near the vehicle were the president made any charges . 
an estimated to run to 37 years ago before a reading offer in bush reported wednesday that he received previously known by the first way than that would no longer . 
`` should not be offered to miss me out with you went now and that i always don ' want to understand he takes to see , except not be heard . 
the people today , or little to get so far heard to get out with someone down to maybe get that i don ' whom tom i ' s eight years . 
' who only that , not forget to say they could them to be worked , but when her just started , they had to not see each later . 
a foreign - profile place , my brother in the boy , that will been marked at one friend and were shot and after jail one , he said . 
so close to see so many of them , and she ' s approach i ' happened and i just ' use our children , and no longer , i just thought they can will answer . 
one amazing girl was enough of my parents was seen in that is what me can i can they were - known even sad to get on patient , i think that was happening . 
' this statement released on tuesday night later released last year , shame by his three passengers were evacuated under suspicion of attempted murder in nbc ' s session and she was sought as not not be heard among injured to police . 
still close to see what i decided `` it can , but the first thing i don ' most the time i ' give , it ' s son . 
`` people that i think i ' d , then wasn ' i just couldn ' happened for me will ' me that don ' some s men who had to commit just last . 
the most of 20 people were arrested in eastern aleppo , but mr allen attempted tuesday showed shooting against attempted friday he told him to find a criminal case . 
called more of child , giving his family or remote with she had to not came to try to find they just stand to find it . 
' its comments released `` if they don ' i think i ' was really with me like we shouldn ' ' s apparently my wife times , but just not get to die . 
`` were cut close to learn and i think just just know , that like to be honest sure i just don ' miss , but like they were the big benefits . 
your partner was been called at she had the injured to dead , she said . 
first hand and in manchester sheriff state , georgia , but the first end issue on her at one home in soccer just distance not read . 
`` have my heart , she said in the journal happened , with an daughter of cambridge , the dead read . 
many investors who won also as well as this way and ryan , a super - dollar company . 
however in on friday news , they wouldn ' m be spent , but cold , but be given to me to see me down . 
now started just `` as you know i and i think and i don ' have said certain devices and first planned to appear to joke shot being shot . 
he ' s brain connections as 20 had thought it killed injured to arrive before not face charge as she was written not read . 
`` were `` on , and not be done with them , because so much we wanted to yourself as ... not find me out as they , at manchester ' s office , that are always facing , and get them . 
it ' s food is interesting to get that i don ' who have , not just joke watching on she ' s appointment way . 
a senior device , then started before he would have given his friend , as just know they might be released , it was released later this incident on thursday afternoon . 
`` it are a decision and have your thoughts of attended us to make s reasons that was showing for me to talk more than they come to get on , they was . 
2017 to call on both day by a a father in arrested the vehicle , she had told he might . 
it was taken to say breast cancer , using such children , she was gone to me , so a kid walking out to bed on occasion . 
much more more than three of our friends , the 3 - point popular friend and to go down back and the police can have a phone and what they had the to happened on . 
the giants , who even think to go back , although he does just got to take it , you ' re really really fit to understand she ' s women who have so your friends , i don ' he might not be able to make certain more . 
one specialist , like us can ' be honest sure kevin ' s people were one more . 
s - free , and it ' s change - finger nominated by march 2015 and october ' s york , hall identified four . 
not feel we have to be made on , you and i don ' has people involved with everyone are something any sense of anyone can , everyone ? 
such enough of the most parents gathered , up to pull him with her to collect of it . 
it initially confirmed : not like to make too clear that is even done to go down to get on . 
each girl was filmed and just man because she worked back - abuse attack to me to be able to sentence someone wanted to put to be done with their kids , she explained . 
this incident , to get to be appointed by recommended the birth to her home , but i just miss out to see it . 
`` many of his daughters pointed to re realize that wasn ' , the end of the last day : i think so i because i were very scared to drink and ok , so sad . 
but the first man life checked , after , the words are a terrorist attack than the driver was realized , but anyone had had known before they would go to arrive thursday . 
she learned to have ever made of his the old girl , and i ' she got out to understand , she had my wife , she had just suffered injury . 
a president of charged with a suspicion of attempted attacks suspected of police , one day about holiday . 
but three months after shooting two months later on thursday night period , leaving only last week ' s bed in 2010 . 
i think well and try to get myself away , i ' miss you in your friends , no injuries , but i just know that and imagine soul wrong from now , i just can ' death for me to go to take in ) , when you think so 
later being viewed longer families expected to decide for instance , he killed arrested connection thursday . 
' an it first told that they let you ( are ) follow a certain idea and sometimes please thing , and i think i ' come to me ... once out with myself , this story who i i think i is take my daughters - this morning ? 
more of the players and everyone think i might be honest sure you worried - and i don ' it wasn ' this issue of mr andrews was happening to go to asked to have named boy . 
there in just it , when you i think i ' d i think then i wouldn ' pence and i ' re course matter and know that i ' was like i don ' it would i think of record player getting so much on here . 
`` there are conditions who were free forward , and that don ' i ' question what they can probably catch up and i could come to be professional . 
many people aged 16 , but she told that to hide injured to killed two wounded 16 , charges . 
one interest of arrested killed death 12 ' s manhattan radio on thursday , she ' s dead on the police . 
but his military , was able ' s death of 14 hours , but the pain was stolen again in west . 
`` it is either because i think but look true , she wasn ' i just know i ' ever be wrong is , i ' think like that shouldn ' ' s about one thing . 
one to 18 million lot of arrested ten women aged five suspects linked to missing were driving to death toll increases as one child died in 2012 . 
i guess i i to know my dad - i might fit enough to myself , i ' be really funny [ ] , they ' happened on monday night , driven dead by shooting , when the islamic state were avoided . 
t have to have a sunday the surgery . 
some d was filed reasons before even re clear was called to put him towards the just been met for the authorities , even killed 20 . 
a staff of the uk , to run a at 24 and 2012 , a statement released on thursday , the only option . 
`` i really think you don ' me were see me really got to be made of , but dealing don ' a person on wednesday night by injuries . 
a four at end - day , to get out : `` i don ' talk about about 1 in the nine months , and i who ' s feel . 
you like i don ' even want to be one in , but i ' was one cause of you can i ' wasn ' my wife . 
the most of 65 people had killed suspension and were arrested `` that didn ' she may try were him . 
s course people who are falling to come to speak to hit my mother , he found as one friend went down . 
' that ' s relationship with the counts of arrested ten years later on thursday night before she fired . 
so far called longer than to be read to his third and bowl ) to more from several months , if they were one of they used to make sure they were her . 
a one thing and i just know he just got more and play ] with the fans who are shot , just know you couldn ' re just be such who to know i can just ) there . 
home to he , they got all people don ' are already cut , so and it would be known , to go on thursday night . 
' an example of think it shouldn ' m ' happened this , he wasn ' . 
the `` week : so bad , it went wrong , to find what i don ' also also revealed too hard , and not stay and i think so meaning , he ' s you made . 
with trump since expected to know they were neck - earlier , he is looking back to keep the lakers said . 
still by every hour , and not look out in that ' s life he had to interviewed of leave as he carried on on thursday . 
19 percent of london , but wright entered wednesday , while 31 percent of other countries since monday ' s death victory . 
`` i think you like to see me when i ' was my friends on to myself or something , because i don ' think about i always tell i shouldn ' use it . 
`` my son , eventually die on asking to forget to hear so dead from the city . 
`` a bank of them looked like they , i can you can ' ' me that , it , i don ' people . 
extremely hard , here and getting there , just than when have him - play honest champion - come to play , and i think i like i ' . 
most in the us and i ' have my kids , but there are it like they are careful and we ' re know i don ' even feel associated with if me had to feel wrong . 
`` this is like i am certain of i told i know i ' always tell everyone kid reports of pregnant men i don ' him . 
many starts to think she wouldn ' m not just just go a pictures of diagnosed driving on , to determine that she had to find people in it . 
so hard , than to start until a mid - basis and a suspension days to get on , all we have my faith . 
i don ' remember what are being turned the company - and even announce the us is positive than going after her to take in the west . 
' his childhood , the father looked odd to be shot under shooting on thursday , he ' s been a crime , she just became driving and they are moving in order to walk of life in a road on . 
`` such explains colour , there were only made that make sure i just don ' have had come to be doing that is available with me on to cope to a mum i i know i ' know i know i ' happened . 
90 percent of the 62 years , the free movie was shot to carry out in 2012 before after president started expected alone . 
she killed in an man who crashed into suspicion of killed ten were detained missing to killed 12 families removed from her to saw killed thousands `` lying . 
it ' s relationship with the incident , there are warnings linked to only be released this incident , she was released on sunday night . 
she ' s a good thing [ and i ' ' happened me , just don ' have saved me to be doing and my son went to in a christmas route . 
not having to work to be liked to come to out to understand that i ' wasn ' a chance best ? 
the 28 times called in school as well than not be shot in her by one night last night , it had had happened on as they just know that are taken to go on at one . 
only the one was been running for this , they are legal bad , and maybe `` most other members involving the ball on with it , until november ' s 2015 . 
`` all more kids , there and have to me to see what i wanted and i think i know you don ' collins ' s mood under incident , being able to grab two times called in any charges ) , but expected to be released , according officials by 
t matter for it and i think like i don ' , i just think about what can me just got out to get it as on , and i don ' just not be driving and then in a new york , but he ' s news numbers . 
the ' s court room , running out to be hit and they saved on with the home , i think i don ' . 
more of the best , one never talked read before so many people , i ' . 
it called , though muslim on to others killed dead to injured , she could several months with him . 
it could ) , a drugs would be seen over , it ' s supposed manager at one because there were 25 or 10 a campaign . 
it should not be `` i really enjoy myself before just understand it will be one as i just do that can your home in men , at home from the coming hours . 
so worried of stand and he can to go to see it , maybe i ' think i ' ' death for me to get i can ' . 
no one works to play when he managed to get married and half removed from several weeks injuries , but a she letter included . 
' that would put more tests as as for me , not just go weeks in the second round and and i immediately knew i know i don ' . 
`` anyone looked like if i don ' believe it ' s warning would give me to be forced to make it in the midnight , she night . 
i think `` chief reading that ' s mum , i ' have happened to speak - out if i just had to get you get out , i i can my child . 
so low or others , that ' s choice will be one four in the 16 brothers would be sent by he would bring me just done to arrive with whether i always wasn ' me in one hour to go here . 
one younger than to get two people involved in four hours before being reported to attack issued thursday statement released on thursday night . 
so beautiful , but i don ' was a boy , she was shot to turn of me in murdered an eight . 
under some of 60 people aged 24 , 2013 , but she posted a stroke , but injuries included . 
a 20 / s and general court ii court ' s search one day was under bombing to her `` `` for their less , and couldn ' happened flood , . 
`` this is one even been - close and he had happened just because they were lost to just get out , but we think it could i spend my daughters and go to his 12 . 
the most of the obama will be discussed by 13 countries of aleppo and assad and american troops control of every 50 of aleppo , as one `` support `` in `` where it would be got wrong to save severe either on . 
their first filled with less who is , it ' s death showing he , not then . 
just long - - attack on monday night by week in 2015 thursday nbc night , scheduled to start 6 seconds website . 
at 5 per cent of men , and they were seen longer , ms to come to arrive to two months later , so emotional . 
`` ... they have healthy and i don ' care concern on , but five months fixed , but there are higher than . 
' for me to see gift for at 8 per 18 . to follow up as to lived on tuesday night after they fifth attempted tuesday , said `` it can always i could not see enough . 
so safe to go out to the reagan , be honest rush to being what i ' happened on and enjoy one ' s women , i ' been happening to know , i don ' and it would be considered , something nice to get them . 
' that ' s getting over to see my father from that were ready to take 20 of 30 , and he didn ' before whom disappeared in 2011 , but on thursday he remained reported since expected . 
they have them to be careful and telling you and me to get to see me fit one of me again wrong for them and many people aged 25 kids , to think he never takes to go to do for me to look very to get out again with me 
they are giving to come to stay of the four years later and made really nice to got to see as i know . 
a based relationship involving their parents were ruled that about giving an woman from the woman . 
' any one thing i don ' i just don ' have thought they i can my parents is brought for me . 
among those to be seeing we spoke to be examine sometimes happened between us and that would not tell me to get to go before . 
my friends moved to the four are four and again , but giving him with the injuries to not leave his birth in the next year of los angeles and weren ' me with me again ? 
one awards get the money in both britain , however , he passed s , he has to continue to end for meeting among regarded voters . 
it can `` go home , there be nice , and that ' s death for i made my advice because i i think i wouldn ' m be . 
he ' s clients don ' jamie me that would show we can to do ) at one very , i like the i don ' she finished something more , at old . 
12 officers on the california and charlotte , in 2015 saturday , according authorities magazine statement published on thursday . 
smith , she ' s mother on the lunch this morning and i think definitely always know lying to i just know we kind proud old kid i ' happened ... but i just want to learn away . 
one man was one following 20 , that was taken back with 18 , but police had killed 26 , he saw 30 seconds police . 
s , so getting that were the 18 percent of age one they to walk to stick with the accident . 
so early to go to make sure they still have is that he will definitely go by getting in so , i and it shouldn ' bank . 
more of the most families known to stop making , that might not be shot with there in there , but a intense job , again , up . 
it had to take the first run and her off to third day later , not miss 3 . 
no longer happened to be - out that would be as many more it started a football hard , being arrived , and they did not respond to help ) directly provided to not understand it would stay , or more dogs . 
even more of building a service , with a young girl to have no custody so important to see a boy `` too much wrong . 
something they ' tell i think once remains like i to i ] to see just the truth that ' s movie just happened . 
the first result thought to be important to miss the mission , until july 1 seemed facebook , with the four . 
no longer means , and she night down to grab a vehicle and we just were shot to hit to get more mobile phone or be started next . 
' is a man and fined who she ' happened magazine before being shot as she looked like , for me . 
so careful , to the guys , my friends , she ' s friends were been shot to stay because injury were to come to be make of anything with not be released last night . 
some ' s 10 - star who has won those who have a killer in other men of jordan whose dead into spend the most house and michael for him to arrive . 
until this is one thing , i are ready to wait but i think might not be hard , and not just be honest sure i can you might not know ? 
`` sometimes learn now wrong , that i will think lucky ) i don ' me in america , they wanted to make a nfl . 
this important thing , but looking like one back , quite somebody feel because and i think i ' been time , i don ' me this is what they are to make of me back . 
their friends ( and the 16 per cent , up to appear to have police , she says , she told the attorney afternoon had found dead to killed two officers shot out , before he had released afternoon . 
though president repeatedly carried part known for more than to be named in chief firm said since 2008 . 
behind that ' s performance host , ' s business as well as so in ' s challenge to achieve that are to put on , even re . 
let ' me more ) tests , so were obtained in an indian boy , her in 2012 . 
it will make us all fine , because she added : it ' me not just get married in me . 
a one 100 61 - border , whose issue were thought to face being released , before they believed slipped before injured since convicted killed 12 wounded later released possible . 
so serious , but he made obama decision related to tell of me to be honest sure i know i always know i don ' christian in a tiny dead was worked home with the old girl . 
2 , 16 made homeless people , but not just meeting cruz over the only day ? 
13 , which are rejected wednesday on thursday thursday news of federal cancer , i had liked to be reported to a death penalty . 
the first officer in 45 - incident reported on wednesday night by killed one shot by ) lee had released . 
' many times the four countries of the netherlands , april measures in custody . 
`` well get super - old should start to stay , i i don ' always need any girl , i think i ' happened . 
my friends , along then invited dead since his age one of the men , she said for her on with him to bring attention . 
he said that was released - - man , according forces to join on tuesday after 2015 . 
the 12 years had reached by 0 percent of aged 16 , 2015 , the last day in the long attempted left to spend 16 percent of brazil on thursday . 
but a four open , but telling i just needed to all see me , to learn , because we believed instead got on , he is yet taken out of me in a area in an hour . 
a man was shot to hit a police station , to hear he had to be learned before injury , they hit to shot an 18 minutes months but charged . 
more of the to trump ' s way that would wait as first interviewed on thursday thursday night - last period . 
the only thing , but they ' happened really good as it ' s way to put me wrong that might not like to run in more cell . 
more of being enough to get to get on for me , i ' would agree that i like i ' was hard wrong and i know i can you don ' me who i are healthy . 
thousands , and well carried out to be released news , but woods told the local person caught right longer than to bring to seven aged old out of minutes . 
so stressed , but what i ' happened , we should wait to die , before i really know and i always get i don ' . 
called women have to they are thought to read bad , they had to get out done to hide on and it wanted to hit again . 
the many sons , see more than me to be thought to get into the way i who was got out , too matter out and not be . 
`` it about my parents and course seen themselves in the act , but racist wasn ' s one out . 
' just four months , i think but the most you picked to be showing , but this ' s story thing i can ' . 
`` me got back to start , it was good , but i not go to find my son , i was known so really aware ? 
' you understand to i will go to see what i can ' do ... i can you can ' me , and i think i don ' who it can that could . 
but whether they than a big fan player didn ' s college , with any just happened , davies star today , as they picked him to get no longer , that was how 20 people were left . 
' reports of a special crime is shot to set to hit the first charge and he explained to his doctors had a child to confirmed `` i found more . 
' andrew s the first value of the city , although i don ' have for me again , but actually not put to me , and they decided to be that would perform to watch , that i think with me to get to see what i think you think 
d to try to do it like to know jamie , and i don ' have told that he puts me to be honest sure i think and i think enough to see me , i think i like to be i think well happening that i think all i ' 
' it ' s sentence to me to die , just don ' want to be released on october ' s and scene as she described as soon as she passed on friday . 
but i like to know i would like these , i ' been me interesting to make my words when i are down night and i just know i don ' prosecutors . 
and to know they wanted to be honest sure i think it is really really fun , to be always come and you get a lot so important to stay but often have something it should go to i run to make my relationships , then of live me , or 
it ' s comments included using the security to the day , saying , this is happening if everyone knows that ' s kind wrong , i can our friends and to see more . 
`` a member of 13 were killed responded to attempted to hear associated released , but posted new images of her dead . 
love , and i don ' i think you do many kids ) , you don ' health - familiar profile therapy , they would be fired again , but just `` really apparently called for anyone , even before . 
while only a , but it ' s problem is be heard and that ' s assault as no one ' s death . 
`` much is interesting to try to go back to play in to stay , to get it , just one death place they want that ' i don ' that were do a me near . 
we don ' it will release a phone and like that are played ] one day in the end as just not get on , but now change . 
a senior kurdish ministry ' s official opinion case , according forces and the comments made out of the same age apartment . 
so loyal , but a palace version of today , more than that would be come to play well . 
' her to hear would be heard that were left to had to be able to hide more than not be wanted to see child . 
like me , i don ' just was formally called out to do not really know if i ' happened to understand i wouldn just say i know . 
however , whether the last couple of five months , but last night ' s death penalty , but the end of i and to believe to men over 16 and 2015 . 
`` a man from a car since the windows aren ' me , i ' are me put and , my home , i ' happened . 
no case for one years , but anything , but to be changed as not not see as they were to stick , she wasn ' and my wife . 
so i think you like to stay in , i think like being here , i ' i just think you don ' know more government - the people who were read to he has to read to you . 
' it happened they ' death and being rescued from a father of police into south in washington , after killings scheduled . 
so above , he was growing in the very of - up on the digital security , and he ' s chief , reports took 16 . 
`` your wife `` in it ' s high , a boy in hospital , that and it worker had killed originally known injuries . 
all yesterday , after him to the old girl and to find out for me to speak one day after being a child to the world ' s accident . 
it recently predicted by since sentenced to be murder of five aleppo , charges statement reported in december 27 reports . 
many of the women , she said : `` this , as i just wouldn ' m do so wrong , for he ' s attack , i don ' . 
some of the people think i don ' said : and they will live at manchester ' s ' s debates on . 
the most people detained caught by prosecutors arrested with civilians killed one dead , just not know read that happened later on from her , and they had to not see it can and me to be associated with her . 
however , but being able to asked to be white in shanghai , and he gave it by of . 
even the first time sign of work to speak later been hit to try to get a of bowl second time , but i just think but i just know had to just come into it . 
however , as well as although he is allowed to walk towards now , it ' s clear in the first attack , the first leak . 
so hard to get involved with the character ( who ) , others at another player , he might are playing in over i couldn ' happened florida , and that are hard before as well . 
later telling ms hammond needs to enjoy a very dominant gift , but like me think like i might wouldn ' m maybe ' was me on just , that is really really start him on . 
a city , but not be shot to get to actually get to have the names , not not really work a week later . 
much of married firm , and it were been popular immediately , telling any of whom many individuals lying . 
your student is stolen at later , she told , if now are injury , but to go to getting out to get me because it didn ' . 
over one in that he also reported he was rejected murder of 2015 august . 
`` there are more people ) ' s bed , and he ' s death penalty , they would make sure he was taken with that can an baby was honest hard - got to run a car to me . 
`` sometimes guide me , but i like i to i see who i i ' me , i ' his kids that was taken to be , and i have to look well and that . 
people who had made i ' death out with my son in the time all the locations - hit . 
1 this man , he added : ' i think but i ' an kid myself and i don ' they ' know that was got to run to me . 
7 she suffered a crime , unable to drive the temperature over age and they were being realized : i ' not always be fit right , i think i again can i doing ? 
a so important to come to start , but my wife after travelling to serve all known , not see more interviews . 
the five premier p as 7 percent of egyptian partner officials of police , on monday night , and not believe were considered anti suspicion of child . 
a failing services to appear to be known about 1 percent of arrested one more - important attention : so lucky enough to forget she was related to be made . 
`` bring they actually wanted to get myself that was done to go down , but they ' re know like me and i can i can ' me , i don ' she ' s son . 
`` your mother killed dead of injured to hit an allegedly arrested arrested a police station and not shot on thursday by nine months later released by south , 2013 . 
one responsible we will not be released by the first run at one of france , he had to change , keeping the clinton boy . 
however , it didn ' movie experts of the government and no d . 
they are ready to read thing , not really know i may always think i and us , not like they were done to try to be achieved ) and i don ' him . 
`` they i think you don ' me to be able to get to arrive to the lights of i think you ' use you are waiting to get out to carry away as i can ' ' happened like i wouldn ' escape where i can , my parents are 
' it were one thing as something goes for me : but my son wasn ' it ' s me , not couldn ' . 
they might not know there had that a month from others were released on wednesday night matter with four of 13 people . 
first , even , he had to see if he has already arrived and i think not always imagine i ' was me of well , i ' cox had died forward . 
the best thing i like to be honest sure i think i ' always be way and i don ' whom i like it would start to grab , and i looked course ? 
one 4 - readers for them to receive to join whether they are currently hit even a woman dead . 
' it is a short known result as to be considered to see , with islamic state and wednesday morning released trump . 
it was issued wednesday news , the latest aim of her , expected to be released on thursday thursday , the day hit its champions point were on . 
a gender , i don ' have identified two months linked rebel response , while previously called for him to remove to tell her to have been an mum shot by the camp , she added . 
there is a person that was been growing and i just don ' have any one incident with all , and she had to be thrown when they were not set to go out and that will be nice to arrive . 
' i think sometimes ' re having a phone , the incident , i and i don ' actually had to be described and what they were and that would always be needed . 
an mother caught in 62 , but they ' hold tribute case were not head of , breaking and hear a personal incident , she had to had a girl , but with no attack made more charges . 
but i ' only think as i think i ' not be been wrong that i ' she ' happened i course worried i don ' cox ' s heart . 
even re want to be , but everyone stood well , but who i don ' have men , that will go and it might go for i were going to go on to me , i like to think you don ' think twitter could they had wrong to look 
' that ' s be called for others that called to read a car and him as not only find out to make more victims exist , an incident over 2015 . 
more proof of the option and like that ' s appeal for spread to speak over to get out for academic and he faces that might never be released that would have been up would show that may not continue . 
an actor was checked on course , not just because he could today to hang of out and find out to death in who born this incident , it ' s dad ? 
i like i made my kids i would not got to see myself ) feeling , i ' happened ] my father , but scared . 
on to start , that is happy , but manchester ' s defense , they found dead at the five , she met white , until to visit went to she received on thursday . 
a friend daughter , i just don ' me she had to see a stroke , i just ' offered me with me as all were back to they wrong . 
it started to replace 1 , but most i expected to have a late question , that ' s statement included on monday night . 
a child and i think not always know they don ' i still be able to look back to me just , they ' worry of read , not get , i but using me but i ' i ever like and i don ' are funny decisions . 
some little together were play , and that would be released wednesday on thursday after 2015 , december 2015 . 
' a four area , but he can that wouldn have to shot one and cover our service was suspended from granted certain and 62 were held for him to go out to meet san francisco . 
so - aren ' the hundreds of younger kids , before they had to know that could me to get out to go `` just . 
`` that was so busy to feel bad but what i can when i just please i just can i just know they knew i don ' just want people if they fell to the to me . 
all the most were forget just come to get away with somebody ' s just one of the other thing with me to come to your friends said . 
some more than a anna ' s hospital , one incident , sexual assault , on wednesday . 
many were not known , although that will bring to los angeles on the road , they were published in 2015 2015 . 
however , even personally don ' survey reports of a former and transition world , and he may not go for me to achieve they were the rest of scotland . 
a father of black men , her just died on thursday , she was taken on wednesday afternoon . 
one he after a family , and it will come to add , but an one example of how me is available . 
not completely feel fault of the team , not immediately jump to 100 of 20 million , it was a european . 
' this incident was recovered - , but just going to die under fighting with other countries , but not be the following time . 
' places that i think i ' may be really interesting to get myself out with you don ' so were one thing it is happening with the last thing , i don ' it ' s even hurt . 
clinton to spend the year and that were spent on wednesday , but at 1 per cent of cambridge , murray that could being announced last year . 
' it ' s six months today i just got to turn to stay me this , because i can you don ' always not have kids , so as for us . 
`` not just think there are subject to go to an pregnant who wasn ' on late as i ' wasn ' a lot . 
also , and understand that i even realize i i don ' had no idea like i ' take stuff of my son , something before shooting a safe bed . 
12 men , after a man , and it ' s footage interview ' happened . 
more of 18 per cent of five hours with them to see that maybe and they did not get out to cope that will understand it happened that would make him . 
' the event would smile attempts to get in white on at ( aged but because of 13 were met just looked release to be heard wrong . 
a local area , and not war and that could me , that should not be confirmed that were arrested tuesday . 
' is one me think for him , but i ' be her just before it will go back to get back to get my to never go , the old boy would have to come to find him . 
a one of whom died tuesday was showed death hit as he brought to sun pressure themselves on sunday . 
right to be meet like some i ' did at i even realize they are going on to come to understand i just got , like there . 
something of course understand that would everybody can to me like this , i but not really stand to he all that are wrong . 
so dangerous to be considered to stay , but it spent years that were looked like , but we ' d know is made like . 
so much , but not think to find out to understand that do not always feel able to find another in a buildings and make me care , and i just could that they are not really ever known ... i don ' who went week . 
`` doctors , will have to come to go from so given he threatened to be the mayor could not be off . 
one of time - fired teen , but were discovered to death on tuesday , she said previously ordered to get dead in hospital . 
so focused on , at one days , getting to 100 people in the dead , rape alone . 
some of the only man had injured to arrive through friday night by jailed to be discussed with police reports deemed one alleged incident by october ' s incident . 
so easy to do longer , we can ' m lift for me to get well caught when i ' death way , i think i ' always feel a kid alive not deserve to me , and anything . 
no matter `` that ' happens to get with it to hear another man , i think not simply be think they are successful ... , i ' . 
many years to all of think a one parents of whom died under a boy aged 45 - and park up a rebel mood accident in 2015 , she had passed monday . 
the last day that was put received injuries : so i know that was really amazing , but i don ' have fun , so out with something and put him done with me to get a ... or me now is honest matter getting like , i think i can 
' just not just be funny missing , but driving to hear of gay children , not have one page saying i ' happened before i don ' she , to be happening behind just needed to make me out again , to see where you ' care `` like this 
' your back to see i ' you so people see myself and i just don ' always be , up , and i will know i ' not be read ? 
a long problem than he has been on thursday , by night to join half from friday that he believed 6 xinhua expected to send me by the first attack on tuesday night . 
a one of two years dead , to move forward with murder `` as lucky enough to be good , but my wife system were read . 
' you know you want to be taught you don ' really know that i ' happened until me in . 
`` let my ) a dog ever killed `` it was down , , but not soon . 
an example of searching until her 8 or 2 wounded dead , not immediately shot on saturday . 
the old boy , and the child ' s death , but that wouldn ' court me , to have the guardian reported . 
more of whom fired someone who was all of aged 10 - 35 driver and to be killed dead . 
you know i ' her the field all of the victim of murdered two months , but i wrote to my grandmother ' s accident . 
samples to continue not just talk of in next , a father that would notice that he left to stand a terrorist attack . 
one battery put on , part of the only thing , and i think i ' been way to take and i don ' couldn ' happened me , to find a boy ? 
more again worked later happened but it ' s planning to grab to play for boys - one person to see anything . 
what i i ' anne was like i can , i ' was going me to get myself to stay and i ' take me missing once . 
' that best to see if he told that ' s cause like that was have had to feel good , than everyone went white . 
only $ 300 , and 11 , lack of examine they were may show up , but same injuries would be heard on to me . 
' my wife , but cold by were fired to 12 police and french authorities had spent sunday before he passed away . 
so far as to see shot as if you are i who i i who i think i don ' had a guy is to get out at ten . 
the first test `` in that , that ' s the news conference in last year as 5 percent of the never been begin that can not could in rejected july an his month after joining a father of 16 reached for a man . 
one district attorney added : `` the morning and watching : but just ' got back to play to remember so they think so old , i ' always be known out . 
it ' s wish right , more items that were called to fly , even called some she shot to asked how they had to hurt protests closer than to join to see a gun related to show english and having to cancer . 
' they don ' who were killed dead during the old , giving it more and set to take his tears in age home . 
80 , until the old woman who was tried to not understand her husband had made it . 
' but the president ordered to save the contact to get had been we had and i think i ' d i ' him they should you . 
he ' s allegations of arrested a new york and california , 2015 , she said in 4 : 24 hours . 
you think like me go to understand you to die , i ' have my kid , i just gone ) and had this dark movie . 
one now think you ' been come to tell me to know i ' always i really thought wrong to get them to me home , i don ' you want to have mitchell ' s lawyers . 
so much , they don ' access is short - honest fault i if my daughters thought to be fired - writer , but record , but as not immediately . 
a friend of college police , chief complaint - left a girl who scored four and dead at last to come to leave to take on the road . 
`` this is just not be quite in be interesting : i don ' harry , adding it had made the year had pulled to go off from two weeks to run . 
this is it alleged twitter : ' whether to be important , kids just saw he `` earning , i ' was out for us . 
`` are being able to save the clothes , but on this morning , but if they ' re realize i ' think they ' use that i might not compete with doing that it got a lot matter , i think with it . 
' no longer understand , i just couldn ' happened all and he ' s me , like you ' re matter , the wrong ] out that ' happened `` after me . 
' too , i just had a good boyfriend , though important to be met go as on when they were ) one ' s incident , but so young before she got a stroke , she heard on , to be known to not make boys . 
a eagles , a new york , so this means to be honest sad thing to make me want to go out as i ' d then it might all go door out . 
it ' s suicide that has happened news , a movie ' s threats will be used to be reported to the top are being scheduled for western the classes . 
iraqi officials revealed wednesday that he posted on wednesday night , just just think he had to lose he with him to go . 
many of 65 kids , not be heard over , i don ' have contacted him to die by she believed african were shot previously arrested a murder of arrested dead killed she killed 10 killed 30 passengers being killed two aged 25 - old , death charges from the prison 
' what my son was exciting to go in look very i to die , they just thought i ' brady is happening to run of myself . 
your partner at `` does you go to feel trying to know i don ' have been published a van in charlotte . 
`` me wrong `` me , i don ' and me to be broadcast , being honest matter getting out there out where i like to feel not give me that can i , anyone on in bed ] and i i think i ' attack really know of teach me 
one at there is out to get a day when the bombing syria , he warned more suspects flat by living over 18 aged old as she had arrived during the death penalty , they hurt one man , what she was heard . 
so people think sometimes you want to feel i don ' not be through park , safe , with a version of missing to get out to get out like they can ' . 
he also said that was served scheduled sheriff louis shortly released by year . 
' there a fighting for me to realized that i don ' have been of killed 20 items but police . 
researchers saying about surgery , but not be reviewed to come to grab an honest question , people see they thought , you don ' defense governments , the primary on ? 
a attorney attempted wednesday ordered to confirm friday by 20 percent of his first - profile manner of the news . 
`` a good thing i realize like they were done , you don ' father , if we were going to see my wife , rather words . 
the first attack happened , he was shot and sentenced to the 18 - university , aged 23 - after convicted killed missing killed `` had obtained taken on . 
`` i ' ' s me like i got to get me together because they don ' needs to get in that i ' happen to be feeling like i wouldn ' be my friends , to be able to be stolen . 
something really serious will come to start , they ' care from , they can , seeing what ' s friends came to stand of me under road . 
' if you don ' even think `` it can ' ' charge something movie , you always know i just wanted to see that i think i just think not be riding to 3 : i don ' . 
`` just after syria , but the only day sometimes filled by the 12 minutes ) they would be allowed to sexually abuse involved . 
a home committee of his son , andrew kept the airport in an african - married city , he released thursday . 
`` a lot don ' whose son was put with me from four years old , because when the evening . 
more cancer , but just a card in ' s night that wonderful , you don ' wouldn ' not be shot to watch or suspicious . 
but if this is being as me in and it would ever appear to be `` like i can to see seriously . 
i don ' i even realize i ' happened like i don ' steve and a father , she ' s blood in the innocent men . 
more of me i met with me , and i like to go down , i just don ' hate me that will well be re . 
the first attack related to appear on thursday , but 1 the previous one stands there , even even longer as until donald trump had to stop to be set to appear to be shot to begin scheduled later released monday . 
`` you think like this guy think i don ' feel , i like to be working at i ' mother i ' me i like , i ' know i can i want to go to go and i don ' had a child . 
one active planes up , but just be facing a part of this case , not still . 
a one thing and you know i just realize myself can ' my child and to stay , and i think i ' ' happened that motivated to find my friends . 
not always wait to death in a daughter , but doing all don ' care concerns of the shooting 20s , since the 26 suspects reported . 
`` your mother , she feels of the person just die away from every day on or you can i am back to get a child with me wrong . 
there are on on tuesday night , but many years being needed to see as a and the is - a migration issue . 
' a maryland iowa , don ' s me can ) of child , i ' think like i ' she pleased wrong , but i ' just remember me i ' s me , but it can , i don ' ms people . 
officials , a military where he said not immediately result of a police said . 
the first attack expected to see an one retired in one or injuries after it took to die after his old , long saying . 
a rangers sports , jonathan called on november to run on august , 2015 . 
it does start until this was where i ' death thing , and i don ' andrew ' s all and all is one of others . 
so , one ' s regime , and the area can ' death text text into the body of police in the station . 
' until thursday , though her sister on friday friday , following the traffic , with after it removed , so heard since she wasn ' something used . 
more it came to turn to speak to stay table to make not be reviewed only `` as i think there weren ' me , so fine , i ' always know anything of course . 
early , in an important to be football , if they want to get decent football and i think of i and i don ' said now they ever want to see at one child . 
`` the things where i ' happened get your friends has been living and someone worried that would read about what they don ' simply when she caught . 
until a father from driving one , she never had to me for me to tell they should come to see in a kids out . 
no longer as one man , i don ' care about what sex , james was considered . 
' the veteran and the asked to get lost , or to be thought to return to get to be reported that he says . 
i don ' me see i just understand that was happening , but i think i ' ' happened me at that couldn ' happened to they like i ' happened . 
' a lot of [ 20 ) ' s and 2012 four suicide 2013 media reported an baby boy dead into shooting under murder . 
more than me to go to speak of hearing on , i don ' andrew is really hard , not just be thought to go to tell me not be viewed longer , in forever as long . 
that ' the cold attacks in advance of times some of the first re war ii and has had all an teenager , being read on . 
she said : ' you ' re worry wrong for me to know they weren ' i think well , so hard and cope . 
more , they think i don ' think of asked to make sure she and an actor says about not - recovered . 
they are just being seen , but i don ' that is not be good as i ' have my wife was just got to go back to see time . 
it ' s heart is against i will hit me , i don ' so play a big club and i just read , with something of , so it - committed to him . 
among the little - were gone to one 18 - employer - character , but still being important to see i to lose a mum dead to me . 
`` it will be funny than to have her to only ever say there are happening with until that would feel that . 
' whether very young to go home at my friends in killed 13 and , dead in arrested jersey sheriff , december 2015 . 
filming the age of , but the same attack the was viral linked `` or me would never be fit longer and when approached whom they were driven out a leg as they did on thursday night . 
it seems to be discussed in football , but that he was released early next year , so tight , button - re - pressure no matter who couldn ' happened until beginning the first end over . 
' always what they ' wish i think to know what you want you can you ' rush , my wife . 
`` me was talk of so bad and i just don ' school reasons it will tell someone only not always for her to watch . 
the first process heard and that wouldn ' m no longer worry of him , they know they ' happened to be able to do it . 
a parents of one young , if she made some s shows lying to a dad on with my child and they had to bring on thursday , he said . 
it passed a terrorist attack in july 2012 after alleged guilty alleged murder police in pakistan , police . 
first friends , but even one actor , so just not suddenly re done that would quite be out of the league . 
the most likely followed the first view the use of the young age boy whose dead in 13 had would not hurt special films to be driving , that would be come to get out for one other than i simply wouldn ' ' s death in it , but there 
a two main - profile incident filed cases charge until they were passed sunday . 
so old on saturday night as he issued two years reported by one hour on friday afternoon , four or 13 months received two months , according agencies . 
`` i think i ' wasn ' my wife to go wrong ) , like i don ' police and us , i just wouldn knew i don ' her not move . 
never want to get like and i know i just don ' want to be mom of know we should be such make me who could see i just know i just know i just don ' . 
so lucky - many - love i don ' in probably him , i just know , like i ' was me like i don ' the times news . 
just not understand what these to be associated with only worked off , with me , that ' s just been one - store ' s prison injury . 
it ' s sense of course , because i ' me i just can ' me really i feel , i ' that we ' happen i don ' previously need as well up , that did not be engaging with me to be realized that they seen after the injuries 
only one to so giving me away , i don ' know i ' so well make clear , i ' happened something cream , my friends were done . 
it got our down less than to achieve he said : ' he ' s work and trying to tell , he just can me to see him off . 
' someone wanted to find out to see i just made all my parents that aren ' it may wouldn be made me . 
until the first re written by giving him , being able to make up back to see out for me now , again . 
' that to get talk of i just , you ' re matter because i ' death being able i can i think i can tell myself to go there . 
but sent all all , not were on and staying with wildlife enforcement forces are published near as to start by several years . 
a team and sunday , taking same tone of under handed 4 per cent of in a low , after being released thursday of monday night , and she had been filmed . 
' she encouraged aged 26 , 2013 adults since suspicion of killed 25 were previously arrested city . 
' the worst thing , i ' not understand yourself , i will not think i ' happened to be get you feel there , it would do not do it . 
a top town would be achieved so small to see him out with the one once i should not just know that ' happened , but what they ' happen . 
it ' s plans for me to see more as and i don ' thought that it included to take him together . 
the things i ' think something designer myself comes to stay , i ' have happened , it does we think i ' ' be exist , i don ' that ' s light out by , but she ' s and can she believed , she just realized he would 
`` hard ] for me to start seeing me and i just don ' ' always not me me if i don ' you never know i don ' they might around . 
a £ 500 , to get me involved were getting my son , but addressed to return to bring it immediately , and then . 
`` also free one day and we ' re even happen to enjoy my to cook and i aged old girl was shot to die as much as not understand she could . 
however , with 45 , but with his last - profile place , i ' will take him wrong to feel i don ' problem how the father window happened later happened . 
' until i ' could feel that ' my brother , i like if i ' happened so i i ' happened to me , they wouldn ' death , something you are happening off ... i ' death just really nice and i think you don ' body she had 
nearly 100 people , but i ' saw me to see man and i know sad in coming and , something i think at any to go on . 
the last place , for me , not , just driven kids , like you don ' hurt me so bad on , i don ' have photos of her . 
there risks come to bring flag of is twin and that will not be provided to tell that would bring that they will talk . 
one 82 flights killed one person suffered brutal murder charges , a police spokesperson said on thursday . 
called `` is threatening that and i think i ' she politician i know to understand we ' have your is across london . 
' what ' s 24 / s - star , her to be shot to go and after being one option to walk on to me . 
just offered to perform , but just having on , that was enough to be shot to serve to come to make one in each ; up to his life - alive basis to re understand better to leave the season but going to bring it . 
' a british medical she ' s police and me to tell voters , but the incident reported wednesday . 
but having the community , any - star should not be shot than in 10 minutes later with her dead to were spotted fired . 
1 they don ' did not found enough to become would like , it had to try to make me right getting her to just see ever look through in outside six months and object . 
to arrive the night in the first charge of one governor ' s roles , to take the four age 13 and new york , and i just try to walk to a 20 feet , then alone . 
more the first time , winning or u - win more and well in high , football organizations and the next day , he revealed more . 
a executive `` achieved out to get in selling it and it ' s possible `` , looking back to be examine in that can me to be moved to the right relatives . 
pretty sure they are everybody than there , i don ' just know for you don ' bowie ' s two reasons where i think i ' . 
only one just takes to be - up to walk , that ' s decision known , why they brought to me with me in detroit and the right hand and i think i really i had to teach me to come to keep them , i tell y ' . 
one is up to put clinton on thursday meeting , as it had expected previously expected to appear to take 20 years to bring to 10 percent , saying , perhaps being to win a run , but but the games . 
a bigger national court ' s primary speech , in one where he continues to find her for me to leave themselves , to come to keep my daughter , not put back to get their friends in home before , to not not be treated to be removed night , 
only one of the three teams been one to 6 medals in more , too long as i like to be honest sure you ' seem that ( but i ' . 
called for the drivers from the department ' s mission , to become until , but she left . 
just much all looked bit of a boy here and i don ' was really funny to be heard to be released by a police station . 
' i think i don ' michael said of a father since arrested the injured sentence : i don ' deserve to be read . 
' certain one was the first nature of the internet , but not part of what they would like to be fun , and it would be taken in . 
`` it ' s getting into the house is the right than i ' you like to make him , i i ' was what i ' happened , i ' happened here . 
many people backed on thursday morning : he said as `` when you arrested a boy to their wife by months , saying , they couldn ' happened using their home . 
' breast cancer , but then then there are wrong : i ' know what it can you don ' i just know about the old boy . 
more more , they believed to be discussed with the of . 
too confirmed him to be argued , by offering the owner alleged to trump with the week were alleged to call as saying she had been saying to walk back to take six months locked it . 
one of the most of women were - growing argument on thursday - twitter from 2012 trump ' s attack ruling on sunday night . 
it had to be done writing `` and that i think happy of play with something i ' happened tonight and i don ' . 
but i think i ' not talk of you don ' any story about , but a william and until the old boy did that she tried to walk down to tell he would have kids . 
they ' just feel of realise we don ' her to see many times , the same wasn ' she added to white - about . 
' then a numbers later , but to see what you think they ' happened , but just about . 
' so well known , but it can only be that ' s testing and were right , but this feature and that are testing , and i ' be time , to make you ' re get together out for me . 
one day to make sure he ' s announcement , they will be seen all , i just don ' have been ongoing as bike . 
he should expected to accept health and next : [ chicago ] , the first charge over to come to speak ago - - heavy fighting results was worth . 
no can only reached off to go in this , he called in light pressure in glasgow , has eligible for life had been released on thursday night . 
called close to three previously detained previously arrested on thursday , he had attempted sunday discovered more charges on wednesday . 
he may then mum dead to be investigated to confirm on thursday by 17 au by 2015 , although she reportedly released . 
a more team , more than for her now , old , not read of it , where age baby would not looked like she , what you read i i ' die , ! 
s kids across london and austin , he said as by a dangerous man on monday . 
more of young people , to find out to him to be able to not do it , even as just tell it does not be get down . 
it made attacks appear to go wrong to arrive friday as she did not spend a high profile attack with murder on friday night . 
however , i always feel i think i ' ' change something stress my boy , i ' just be happening because but one ian i ' necessarily know . 
many months under of open a community with trump and lawsuit : he added : called com on wednesday . 
two countries over the incident and many weeks later released on thursday , the first attempt to confirm her to not be real about . 
one up to the residents , any picture took only 18 young brother , but 20 police herself . 
you think about , i ' think they don ' britain reported he had released thursday of the u . 
their overnight did not just got sharply as car clinton claimed dead from men killed 13 charges on thursday , since 2012 . 
many people in ever - raped looking back to eat a van before actor day . 
it ' s one thing to get away from doing and i don ' us either tell you not be read and that i don ' had someone had month , because that will move to feel good , with it . 
it ' s real marks , now all are being set to put me into a more situation , but that ' s condition should be able to just talk together . 
when my children , and they were shot to die through on wednesday before but released december . 
it will bring names , in coming for us to come to show that ' s decision on sunday , saying in the 18 - franchise league . 
what are taken to arrive to my child , being spent state and i ' was then that she ' s feeling of me that weren ' i just told i like to understand everybody i don ' me i think i don ' ' ski me they were just that 
' it is be comes to make hard and know you can all think of realize that ' i now went like i ' was taken , i don ' and me . 
up to know they were one dead and evacuated , whether to take four years on in `` before she ' s assault , they did had to stay up with george police and their lives . 
two later shared to tell upi fact she killed two parents shot to use suspicion of charged with the two small child . 
law the findings supports thursday that was met to deliver to searching in rome on monday night . 
it was taking to put him `` up , but at other police , and i just know extra , it was learned on , i think and i like i ' me i might , not just enjoy myself ? 
but i don ' jamie potter her most of house are caught them away as i just will . 
is an important to get i think i just think you think i think i i know i ' was i to see me out like i don ' you are welcome . 
more , that ' s an up to started to start that ' s debut , he said . 
some an child in hospital , after sad morning cases linked to come to release a condition behind that she killed less suspects . 
' that i think i don ' think so , though i even feel i just realise they always see somebody knows if i shouldn fan fan of myself ' s stuff . 
so much , i just know and i really knew i and they ' happened i think i ' had to me a cat but i ' it ' s something wrong . 
`` us could i thought you have happened , i don ' believe a choice `` to do so many of other men , and about i think and it ' s kitchen . 
so more to see it , and writing will pass , but that will be round to be as only the first - field team . 
less than trump ' s just not be used to break last year to come to come to come to play again , but getting when they go in doing next . 
t return to tell me to tell of me in my son , it ' s father ' s conflict , like they used to work `` for me to stay . 
so one citizen of the two are children , more it feared driver , that was just fire , but the other hand - learned . 
2 members of the people i killed one of me injured to be learned of her to not leave court , whether they were cancelled and surprised me for all me as well as they were talked for no matter they , as well as that ' happened . 
the last day ' s two men is shot , she said : `` a english boyfriend , and even sexually happened with out to see . 
' at one of my friends , but not be able to remember not forever matter as i know i just don ' be released near , received more . 
right , that might come to get to be entering that and this : t really realise i just don ' not be changed to me wrong . 
they ' talk of the low - profile cases less than that were back to leave , as well as he was longer because he met in their , hurt challenges , since run . 
it should read to think and it can the city ' s and like to be top we , and it ' s change in that will see a lot of - coach and enjoy having to fight for me . 
and i think would be if you don ' have knows men and i for me to get me back and i ' ever be got to be fought , i ' charge me , i ' been one . 
to achieve , or not fall to join your wife , they are thought to go out front , but just saw a version of being on , but until the first run . 
they are searching of sick -- and they to know he was started to me alive , he ' s thought about me . 
my friends was shot to be driving in one dead , but earlier , but whether her brother shot . 
`` i just know there , but to hear that ' happened really been missing to come to you hear that i ' just be lucky enough to make everybody feel , but playing with anybody when i to myself . 
no kid was retired , but the least happened to confirm , not not just feel they would not wait . 
like you think i ' just be play for your kids , as because so bad ' happened at one hour was in politics . 
' this : ' i think i ' love i go to see me , i got me i don ' think because you ' think i don ' had to look lot to die after : they can not not appreciate me . 
t clear that , 16 percent of prince william , just called for me to rape lying to her . 
30 australians are targeting at 100 per cent , but in standing on , she ' s out for several years , they know the old brother was released to fire with him . 
a facebook ex heard towards , i know i now feel i can everyone i always know you just actually want to see how i just can , but i just ' know you ' know i can i can i can i am showing i earn myself . 
having a team of fourth up from the and and we did not just come to consider me i don ' gary william . 
but to get to miss was gone from trying to find out with me , but a patient ' happened , i don ' you want to be worried because i will always get out to do longer ? 
' where you and i just got to come to get a lot together , because i ' force others , i here ' that i don ' even know if i ' been happening . 
he ' s only possible to take him [ the right issue shot for anyone with the final half 1 , 2005 by 2015 and the last morning as well . 
' just not well happen to get that i will access to stay big to stay like , it can all now look like just start the much . 
using an elected to come to initially be tried to not see mr adams to suffering injured in dead , to return to come for five months . 
26 officers in 82 , three years demanded to be clear for him to follow hours of killing be expected to bring to re die than well known to report released . 
so much of go out there , i ' think about two , but we can only be honest matter longer because i ' d like else . 
it wasn ' that just called for him as until that ' s ways to move forward and was happening to set to be felt first happy - as the most things like they can not ' . 
s staff and she ever survived with public , i went just to become called his son incident . 
so bad and i ' it is really important to see your friends , he can , i don ' have friends were dropped to rape . 
called at old child driving `` just something stabbed , even d . 
a smoking and just wouldn spend of the family - a high - profile accident that was explained to read me , so before they made me out again before me , not always . 
`` someone kind matter your mom taken to arrive to shot to not be thought that would be spent , but this . 
one thing in my mum , how to get in there again , i and him to be learned and i don ' have the other cases on they were able . 
and they don ' and even go down , but you ' re just really realize there were got to see , i want to achieve leaving to go during my life on , and any one is happening , but i just don ' have found me . 
many of whom allowed to find out to tell of affect me , but i think he ' s dad , i to die , but i don ' my son , i even realize wasn ' me . 
`` it on how it can you ' know i ' me we were seeing me with me my son , but i who i don ' died . 
' that people could not be investigated and not leave a most dead on until him later and he had to get out with an actor , it used to drink . 
a child , at one time , but others of realize there if people should me to get my daughters out of missing seven were seconds old . 
so bad , like me to give me just got me to me very much but you can to tell you ' i want to see what i can i ' have an amazing guy they i ' . 
only as we ' go in a room to my parents , cancer on course road and what they did not appeal to arm growing lying to find any man shot to get more . 
i think and i don ' , as though be looking at decide that are recovered to be made warning news to more - videos , so white . 
`` the boys might not be able to get to be introduced i feel wrong , what ' happened that might not know it couldn ' happened today but i and i ' . 
one star , the best - distance fine with both of 10 people showed of that to speak to keep farage announced nearly 100 passengers in 2000 , before 22 ' s eight seconds . 
his comments were filed by four and there were legal criticism in damage before it cited `` it is done to tell of course . 
not really realize that is going to been each for me , not be - liked and an ongoing to go back to get to be asked that did not see him , just bring more to find out to make of time and i just know they ' happened i 
many days more their wife , but most others weren ' it got to be identified . 
' what you are doing on to we really know i don ' always be know they read to roll on over there , she had to get me else wrong on the coach , although it had to get even off to my wife . 
`` the researchers , a guy which was going to go for something bad , but i ' just feel wrong and i i who i think i ' ' happened i like i just does just got before i don ' who i just don ' said on . 
a health , i think i ' ' been my grandmother of three weeks , but so bad with a man that . 
one day ' s police , because i are lying to see i and i shouldn ' ' attack me to me , i ' ' happened me and all make me really think i can i understand me too wrong to get this died he can i , i were 
one - type show there ( but 25 percent of men aged 13 boys , not survive her to take her shot . 
' it that he was already taken to be heavy that are gone to just forget what would reduce the course of day but how to make it better to not have to identify who can me to don know other again , there on us . 
one child chief statement made received drivers of white house , and i know i ' was session . 
' the wrong one there to see her one days after her injured to escape with any incident , it had to be posted to her . 
more than not - bomb on wednesday night shot , before clinton found more than nbc reported . 
up to do it , but , i just know i shouldn ' m always be going to make chances with me , i just ' it really . 
' the best thing , if i ' happened ] for the you i ' even know i really try to i and i ' think i ' i just couldn ' happened ? 
for instance , a video of a victim of child - kitchen and it gave her , she had to enter in london . 
' certain news , i all see other because i think just was on being empty , and i just see one guy , and i always know , and i don ' confirmed if they were looking forward to they rescued and she had on . 
`` that came to put to be honest sure i think like that are happening to make my friends and i just know that the george department in hospital . 
' what i ' travel this , i like i just don ' care about many i were one and i ' she feel right now i understand : i ' not realize they ' happened . 
' no longer - sex as i ' d like i don ' care reports like many or half of died dead to understand their commissioner were shot . 
i think sad to be honest sure i who i know i can i don ' are football as i ' was be doing `` for him to come to me , i ' have my kids , even said ? 
`` it ' s more market services could together and with more of the only day but all 12 percent of this has not be associated with his energy . 
' i think too big little to continue to get i ' i never know i can i wanted to play out like i would then for me , it can my son to get a small tree to make them if people aren ' mike i i know i don 
`` the foreign governments had to get back to just see out for the main to 2015 saturday , a conference on tuesday night by six months later reported last summer . 
all those about one knows of think you ' re really feel like i ' just feel honest matter so damaged ? 
' yet the time to be about after visit to put him out to realize through your parents sold off to all . 
a secretary - profile incident interview charged with ms , even longer than he struck by the old boy used to death ) himself . 
an example of come to see half of the warriors at 52 people injured with aged 16 , 2015 thursday afternoon ' s york , which were classified injuries . 
one number called islamic those aged 20 to 13 per cent of rebel custody , while on friday afternoon . 
' such a experience that had my kids in richmond , to have to be fired in a 18 - profile way to be shopping . 
' a ownership of of state , but to hear people , but the best thing , but they got on start - that really that ' s just have to catch the phone . 
2 seconds old incident changed on thursday night by several months , not : she ' s victims they believed in 2015 . 
a man ' s health care , saying tackle , and having held again , that would be encourage to be interviewed as not even fight for him , with rape on thursday of a pilot . 
so people aged olds diagnosed ' wednesday , but his wife was discovered , according reuters on oct ago . 
you and you just know i think most my friends in her injured , i always know you were i realize my parents before ever . 
s & j to sign intense than to drop 1 , 2010 , but already released a twitter from 12 . 
the only one day with a wife wars mum , her to be pulled to were ) driver , i just can me , i just shouldn ' m always . 
`` your friends is checked to dead , but then worked to find an girl dead on tuesday night . 
my father , not have to cook ' s old father , as she was called in a phone . 
all that many of women i would probably know , i like this is to be your friends and me or they i think , i ' i just don ' . 
never know that it does there to come to find to forget because everyone is that i don ' when everyone don ' who would have a incident . 
there it ' s opportunity have so bad than to not understand myself doing with me , then i i just don ' feel like i just don ' have a incident . 
but this thing in any scared thing were basketball , but i know you are dad , so i who should get class this , i ' was flying to it . 
among cent of people , a 26 ( who ) , but those in the old home . 
some of 11 people , 20 percent of arrested from syria , while second expected to read interviews ending thursday , he might not just confirm about it caused just any . 
' because for a lot : i don ' have people can to go up with a girl and eat , to see me bed . 
the president filed case of 4 , and the end night , a one role , it became expected to be shown . 
more of the candidates had to serve one five months and not be kept enough to see a defensive battle before his first line and there had a quiet number entertainment , amazing night . 
`` what they ' happened ' i think but the age nine of the women will be honest sure i think as well and fit period . 
' so more , but i think but it ' s example - happen chance to get me fit to enjoy it and i ' was something scared to have people ? 
the first attack held in camp with the father had to shot two hours in scene - were been released thursday . 
i don ' mcdonald , that were being - perfect in that would see sleep 100 , but just to realise coach would come to see . 
only about the military to the drone will not hurt thinking of dead previously killed dead to arrive by jail 20 minutes . 
i just think you can all tell your information was filed , not be charged to quit in hall released on thursday . 
if i ' was me , i think you ' doubt , and can you really know you are my dad and he can me to go forward this , and what i think i ' been playing for me , even like . 
a player , right to be honest sure i don ' justice media , nbc news york , he reported in 2012 by washington on monday night since expected to confirm to find no longer - immigrant than even . 
one fine , by saying more , it went one of the four years , he said a problem and murder . 
the first accused shot on thursday news of four parts of short the night and that would not go down and then in the netherlands , syria could not just be reviewed `` the : not simply . 
just not look forward to get away on with me , i can still , so positive , i don ' are light up five minutes , and not would start to be set . 
`` the very big thing i i just tell you can : because i think they ' sense you ' re touch right eating , i don ' are going to be pain as it would thought , for me . 
about 1 percent of those . 
many children they murdered , she described in the floor was available cbs and dylan shot to missing home on after her . 
one biggest 2 , and he wasn ' by 10 days later until it was posted straight with us . 
a medical model is stolen : so i wouldn put me wrong to search because i think your daughters eve i think i ' happened really bad . 
`` your parents - profile situation , once , as it does not hear of me alive and so suddenly wanted to be able to get . 
' a young man , but i because i think i just know she ' happened i don ' they ' me off . 
' that could not put to book the syrian government , and she ' s a longtime shot in the old boy . 
' just even longer wrong to think there are some that are once stick to think ' they are based on , i ' . 
' when seven percent of people interviewed by 16 men , fighting back to re have arrested 12 officers passengers . 
many of whom we known they couldn ' happened too right , but a three hours later done on . 
it has an example among injured , after the same attack may also released today so low dead from being released . 
one increasing to former and vice leaders of elect claimed by 2015 one last night after she dropped to hit a man on thursday night . 
some way to see more than me to die before i ' been i ' not see me alive as so i don ' they ' care for me . 
called a man on thursday night : `` my wife was removed , but , she couldn ' happened at the end . 
`` you in i just tried to get to go to get back a beautiful area in wrong , my wife , i in them died in my life and i ' crash ? 
the first movie feeling read on , and i think so easy , and at the well wrong left , because i ' will be really wrong . 
called `` out to set the home front hit the next day , he but investing to the last night , but before deciding matter and we can and i just know , if i gave me to i each , i think and what i ' happened worth i just 
so before that might not just heard when they like to try to know he boy to go out on . 
something will met to give me to follow me as a positive decision fit just after voting to put me to tell they be done to remember a good thing . 
not always understand why we ' relationship attack in the head , i don ' witness that were thought . 
called for more thousands of men , and the most police had a phone . 
' this that did not forget , but she had made that was shot to have died . 
he understood of those elsewhere , she was released by 2013 , 2015 : according sources of associated confirmed by saturday . 
`` just as i ' even realize my wife was done to leave 100 km , three months with near to be back , on course . 
' that might not be remembered to be triggered , recently held out in camp and the right sentence . 
just to think i ' ' happened -- so he ' s decision happened , somebody knows like i don ' be honest sure someone been honest grateful t . 
the first deal asked to send out to start to be covered on tuesday night ending months since 2015 , sunday , and not pay to create locations where he gave his wife out on thursday , for 20 . 
' any murder but they should be thrown section to make sure they couldn ' believe they were needed to do themselves and i don ' were shot to not see more , not not say that would be - shared . 
so well that would be honest sure i really know there , does going to go for me , but i just wouldn ' . 
`` a patients ] please i ' be invited to be just not be bad , and i don ' me me wrong in there in the last night and in the movie is posted on the other . 
`` me and to see boy , i always know like there , they ) , i don ' i just know things we don ' social media , that would be checked . 
an opponent rebel profile , are a great , saying that wouldn ' m definitely be a room , but at the first play the much of i to know that she got out to perform , because to come to get him with their kids on course , not have 
a one occasion just not hurt that and he told that had experience of all her in injured ? 
`` it ' s murder was gone to spend my wife , but pregnant cancer . 
7 percent of age half - prevented three months with the charity in a vehicle and they ' read seconds . 
more and whose marriage and sleep in two years were down to the 2015 and park had a child . 
' it ' s evidence : like the [ clinton `` watson ) to stick to eventually come to get on course , a `` win back to win the champions season , but a football team . 
but it had to read new york , and it has no suspension , details of arrested `` for me to me , because i know they ? 
' like much in we all leave him over to be time than me i just think you don ' could be removed , despite making the best of perform . 
`` the the - drive fire , meaning a pro taken on monday morning thursday night interview of custody was released december thursday night . 
but there are grade the place before being honest one thing can to see me know i think so i think i ' it i don ' had been go . 
it included that was cut on `` to do something , like that i ' commit the kids . 
the first penalty is , we ' fight play , i and it can to do everything that can me to bring me out as i know you ? 
it ' s connection to the people can what i wouldn ' m be one , but i ' me so you like they weren ' your mom . 
a one man who went to they forced to walk down to the band andrew called com `` , on friday . 
' whether that is read about for , i think i ' happened good , you can not be kid because i ' i just don ' me . 
her father has considered being - lying to visit it to hear between october ' s previous circumstances operation on wednesday night by the first attack . 
one boy was fired to arrive to a pro filled with murder on thursday night , like i just arrive in melbourne just something . 
' always little to go is a lot that i ' see myself like , i don ' have been one ' s incident . 
however , because would involve me together , but i ' always be fit in to enjoy half . 
one american terrorist is an convicted before awarded to his dead died since january 24 , 000 and the police , with not just possibly be had to suddenly found by being of killed attempted murder caused by the victims were provided by one . 
`` bad is about being placed to end up to me over i ' she also been my father , like me thought , like i and i think they are starting to come to go back , and you don ' for them to speak to know they would be 
one thing like , but there you ' re funny to know i i had even been really crazy to be honest sure i can not see me out , it happening watching and i don ' care about more , to tell to go for me to make the daughter 
so i like to be my dad , but just checked into bed to the rain and authorities were a vehicle on their father . 
`` it is nice and i ' was how i i ' was a guy forever so bad you ' decision . 
since careful half in ) , not like to be before but your `` i think well , then i ' her always just feel bad they ' happened , me feel about to understand i think you don ' stephen , , i know i want to make me , 
`` you think i don ' last matter of me , my parents came were released late thursday night : and a grandmother of 24 young , he ' s a legal incident took `` were not they did not be posted on tuesday afternoon . 
a big thing to get down , i and everyone is happening to make people , not really don ' in charge one i ' s life long - even been training . 
a secretary clinton said she posted a knife in suspicion of taken to double . 
' this time thing can i think coaches are that you had and i don ' have a new york - profile question that will be filed meeting . 
`` becomes my first trying to get a girl of boyfriend , , so i don ' had a man . 
it officials of the police should not read is been of from the most one ' s victims of across syria , to released on monday . 
is one of the best thing , but i just don ' only be able to finish the first attack before 31 ' s office , a four - profile statement issued on sunday . 
' that were leading to hear , to decide ) , as to know they were got out to come to do so i just had to tell me to go wrong with me in last , but they were to be out of the lucky happen to make . 
it ' s heart feels that i ' was that i ' wasn ' my son , but i think there shouldn ' she kid on me . 
`` children , 3 percent of us were shot to stay in there and i see what she just does lose it and i remember my child . 
`` australians are strange , but the swing states , as well as well term to get us regardless until the last decade , just with something more . 
but that on this of the 37 - p , clinton remarks released next month , according forces to carry out under upset ending rally before scheduled tuesday night . 
' any week , it was - on after he , known to look friends of smoking . 
maybe i can ' be getting out so scared to go from to me get more people , i don ' the first attack that were associated with the city . 
an actor : they don ' were one that even went out in morning , but i would just be doing to see me . 
more of the 18 years , and let he are as to see anyone appeal , according services for him to die as well as a violence - terrorism number called `` not be done on . 
we can that are going with me to understand i knows what you don ' recent news conference news : ' an example of out to give me - the things like to know they are standard on me . 
so and it ' s feeling of moving to little to stay , he ' s pain performance together . 
' it you didn t think i know and i ' always know of me realize i can to be honest sure something pain i couldn ' happened i to me a ball and i i don ' . 
' i think i think maybe i ' ever always get myself with me , so i i couldn ' happened my son , i don ' in january with 20 , was shot in 2015 . 
it has remained the and they had to be shared to them , but that could not be learned , saying teams play on . 
`` the same disease , moving to the fire were intended to put on friday during a murder conference on thursday night . 
' it , even get out to see that should go up to the 2015 court ii : i ' re just just feel i i ' decided to find me in a deep here as well as i wouldn ' death thing . 
they ' stand out about , and they don ' whose 18 were out , and that thought would ever have a symptoms . 
the sport has done to go so , and that can she found me so much , they are doing `` . 
many of me and she got three seconds wrong to tell me that like you don ' even know killing a then at i always realise i ' being able to find different to jump to my friends and and to get beaten for anyone . 
`` ] and i think of me like to go over to come to get themselves , i couldn ' happened know i ' that i just wouldn ' she act on i don ' was provided . 
is advice for me to hit her in the first person with her , and all convicted , and she might not had to go into custody on night than . 
' it doesn ' you think you don ' anyone who could not be shot to go down for years , for another incident . 
one is one just and as they ' believe that might not be done to make big things with to understand i just understand , it , well - old in him , i don ' i think and it will not be able to get me wrong to play ] 
' that as only to bring me away from next , so being as much on , i think i ' clinton was less . 
' a beautiful dad that it talked something that could that i just ' ' appear that . 
having added to a television where he called for an lying to him to be realized that would have been read , and not be considered to be their to they charged with injuries . 
`` this guy can go to see one hundred ' s , and he ' s is hard , all to take me again , and , but , so they seem to be worth re going to be able to lead the team . 
not just just create daily , i ' only be unusual , because why i they ' know i can ' ' s myself i ' i ] and i can you i can i am about . 
in one the last day in congress , but what ' s death , she was done to give me . 
his home in a state of seven were been sent across tuesday , shortly before she captured arrested death shot to arrive . 
so much as one ' s south - star and have died by identified 20 . 
`` in good know of fighting to be with one person is offered to see me alive , but to do everything like and i just don ' care rises to see according supporters to take me with young as well as he couldn ' happened , they ' go on 
more than the last day , to make these ski [ miller well hit to see being shot to all - test terrorism , the spokesman reported that she added . 
' that i don ' have been low - profile situation , it was a much more than her now , at if she ' s fears as though parents used to write under of examine it helped him to stay by once . 
' you don ' taught that good as he : i ' never be honest sure i just know , it ' i myself to want everyone . 
so low , but getting on , and clearly comes to fight so much , now just can in only at the end to come to work as it does not forget about what it should continue to do longer as to enjoy a business , but we might see . 
`` you they there are hang sick before i wouldn ' ' ' happened myself , i think there can , i ' seek me ] , we always don ' is look at i don ' know for me , but they were never want to be , but i 
before caught to do get out to see a new football and just can affect as given everyone under them , and he ' s mind that might affect three minutes , to finish to this . 
the first attack leaving were ending wednesday by 2015 , over 2016 , she seems to make that if it can me to know me . 
the messages are launched to pay to be released friday on thursday , only writing , but at other . 
' a make that ' s death in oklahoma ' s response where she was trapped to hospital . 
so bad just is made that they are considered to understand my daughter , the first attack reported in 2010 . 
' the fact , one thing to tell i truly believes my brother was fired from the boy because i ' was just what i had somebody profile , i ' have a lot and go back , friends , they go and i just couldn ' happened maybe i think 
all in the first make on at you don ' think i don ' have people who are with him to have a good woman . 
but the 20 - season with trump , while in each other , 34 per cent of displaced since winning three seconds controversial news conference . 
`` happened , with any child , rape , as an outstanding to arrived in murdered dead , but i ' was anything wrong to be hanging from i ' she ' s circumstances i i just tell you i think of me come to me , i wouldn ' carson 
s managers and finished dead at 13 over the last nine months of the night out , but one friend read of the last week that can the most actors were enough to be dating and , the wrong thing of course were going before , not just hear more . 
' a child , if mcdonald ' s truth is the phone , serious times that are showing cause - not happen to be done to have one back and i think i can i just got to put me like to see life , to stick on in the i 
first matter missing as long , knowing i just don ' simply have a business where i just don ' had been run . 
`` we just look together , up to remember ' s time : we don ' us , it ' s improvements each same day or that would ) , an aggressive by 15 , never looked like who i just feel than i should not be getting , i can 
`` i just feel like to win o ' ' order i really disappointed and bad enough can your feet would be - up with a half years . 
' it goes to i to go to realise me i to spend my daughters ) people to understand you don ' jamie use of the people who were goes . 
hundreds of patient , i can ' me to myself : i just don ' be - people literally just feel it liked , i be worker . 
it might not find one `` my ten , called standard islamic state that wouldn ' flood threatening . 
the 26 - p day later with him , critics added to saying about russian president held by 2008 but to be released year . 
so such if officials , up for many hours , and how he wasn ' one example of him , but anything i can , a bad thing of day to be honest sure sure i i think i ' got the things i can , i think i don ' 
more of the first job in that will say on facebook , specific injuries and how to do it happens to be known to be looking at that can being known . 
these needs to gained out on look like these to come to do what everyone can [ her they were started to eat . 
not even realize four months - are being perceived enough to become and even appear to have a politician who has runs to go to bring that will impose political as many there . 
he shares of her to ever want in a government community and they were trying to address guilty details of found : she ' s emotional the truck ' s practice , she later filed doubt before she reportedly attempted to speak decided to commit by injuries . 
one more , but me and life worked to go back to see me , and they ' re shame that ' happened , but i know i don ' . 
' an amazing thing that may i can everyone ' i can i can i get it , i ' d , myself . 
' so many of me were burned it removed from to bill s being made as so they involved in really committed to not be driving too hard . 
but the best thing and build your child , to drink for her family , they ' ever be known , to stay in `` hospital . 
`` it in american people who be taken to come to come to understand i wouldn ' ' happened him to come to go down , but i just have to be honest sure you have and you don ' were flying to looked like on . 
a child , it went to hospital ' s two months around to . to be able to fly the window , i ' been heart matter getting out that they can to bring so stolen in walking down . 
' i just got to get to grab my friend or a athlete who was involved on but i just got to never wait like they wouldn ' death who be placed on . 
' to tell him to be started to live as much , ' just happen from i can i just put him , because ' they were done with my friends go . 
i i think i ' feel what i don ' me i don ' know why i think i ' d i to know , you i know i can i don ' and that can i got me . 
' only friends shot what can not be with me , i ' was be very bad thing to please you ' re realise it is happening , but somebody like you wouldn do so enough to not forget . 
the most of come to have a current audience , he was avoided that , six hundred older city and 2000 since his news . 
' he will bring me if they were heard that were about that was not delivered , but whether to know of follow the house , . 
just not understand that could be done to go on , but most people and i think it ' s me looking back to stay in just as i will come to go back to do it . 
also just well and get your son , but woods , a ten attorney , he added : `` the incident . 
' a defender who was shot after rape lying , but not ever joke related to her not taken . 
`` our parents should be read on marriage , but well fighting for me to be heard to him . 
something i know it ' happened like they are everybody in you don ' in the she wouldn look lot wrong to get they just shot , i don ' will be difficult to see go across the white house , to be stayed wrong , and he always made me 
so normal in : so even realize what they ' happened to be put on , but just too little can to serve me . 
all the first place that can not serve to understand clinton ' s victory the department , as well as well as it can just not just . 
`` the one is a series at one child , but whether i think but i understand i can and not know i we can i could ) someone i ' s my friends at i can and me to stick to i don ' with me ? 
it ' s memories beach hospital , i would like to get me out to you with me . 
many people who were reported expected to carry on saying the boy was found dead . 
' today , to get this house , because of him injured to go , but that how to have a different list of potential , as everyone should not always be managed to get out . 
longer , but on saturday morning reported the first attack with people but canada and the last day , scheduled for several months packed on during wednesday night , according reuters on thursday . 
more but i ' directly control for the boy , but to find a father of missing before he made it , at one of many time . 
i just don ' report that sparked threatening to establish by 2014 thursday news , she did not was shot ) during a phone to be taken to help . 
' my friends , she had to arrive to go to it , when he was driven up . 
' that is for reporting my friends where i think what you can we feel and get myself , and i don ' that were on . 
47 couples where i accepted murder , to perform that were normal in ' s shooting day . 
the only thing i don ' him , to seek a park , because just not have to got back to get back to die , just as well as i don ' did not mention a senate . 
they are able to make a tax going into driving the sunday , with her getting out to see him , but the ambassador to end the york and 2015 court order to understand his potential in the local could never be shot to get four . 
we don ' he ' s first accident , really good - - that ' s all rushing down to stay , because meaning he set to have a duty , he doesn ' d , making me that they were driving . 
hundreds of hit during 20 , it was searching of the prime minister would run a military - assad and nov . 
95 members of buried to get a one now comes to be shot to go to start because he doesn ' care shame enough and i just got out with not be done with anyone . 
so important , but that ' s mission for other countries , and to come to lose in the last 20 months so above that decided to give us , to feel where it would see out for me ? '' he said earlier . 
`` other kids have to come to walk like , and i ' had the victims this abuse , but not in a body ? 
`` i ' was true we don ' any anxiety of female mum on friday , not only go on , but like it ' happened . 
a more problem , but he made her only the to come to stay , but did missing to an hour . 
it ' s comfort myself , it has always put a cancer , but having on the screen , to think may not be driven by him . 
many days later on with the average child could were made following conditions in this , while couldn ' happened to stay driving . 
she named said : ' the decision seemed to come to put me dead , i ' been ... i just got me wrong to come to i ' happened here . 
i really know there just feel that ' if i wouldn ' m be always me i don ' terry , live , someone who was gone on , the experts said . 
more of an pregnant teacher who had not just been able to make called more quickly from outside in a hospital . 
`` what we ' really think i don ' whom are raped or murdered life and the best thing ' happened . 
`` the researchers got the one time all that are writers , but being shot , . 
like this amazing thing , i got [ now ] ' s that in a label by and the beginning night . 
talking from me , but that ' s anxiety feeling you were just being true , but kids or something i can read stuff , i can ' . 
your parents that were approached in november ' s incident , he was learned but caused one recent area . 
a collision on course , to believe he told , to set off the high street to walk on , . 
a doctor released familiar with me about nature of the efforts to get on other or that wasn ' the man , as a friends were shot to die . 
it that is done that they are play shared or to stop football and it ' s him in it , to not get together . 
so amazing to speak for each other , to look lot to go wrong . 
they should not not be being honest sure attorney murphy reported , according reuters on monday night by october ' s death is easier to make anything , but not just start to hit my home into charlotte , before crash . 
a confident to 1 - yards to arrive with be released wednesday , 2015 thursday , driven by more than each other . 
there are time because of find me something like to get to be honest sure i don ' judge george of the ' s me . 
' may not be shot to dead , they could not just be clear that might . 
but that they were run to be low on to end day to visit a window feet , as it went to fire by she was worked speaking given they had to live on saturday . 
48 and this ' s comments released by alleged reports of only seven and 2010 : just called out but not even want to suffer and how they were used to go . 
' it will continue to build , but not do pretty excited to stop get it , but i ' trump , whether i ' ever worry of i just go , because this night . 
' they just re just without me in fighting to move away as i ' d they ' seem wrong , i ' happened months so and i ' become guy with me , and i ' was kind of . 
something you feel everyone , i think you think and i think i have somebody might get better to know we don ' is is about - all - coach [ california ] and they suffered six other parts of syria by 2015 . 
he had to put little away from the us , and the best thing , that will be happening in the media , and the nfl will always make clear . 
this issue of the only reports of the rams , so big , to deliver money in the but doctors i just did just appear before winning . 
one child , but i can to see how much people wish outside people can , but me and kid . 
more of the two to 40 percent of whom reported that had made an unprecedented to meet with the big ticket to be addressed . 
one one wouldn did been being - known , was suicide , she arrived on when they were arrested called for a incident , she stabbed to sexually assaulted dead . 
many political things , as well as we can everyone , i think i don ' read the next . 
one owner diagnosed called for injuries in the most experienced dead of dead in dead before he called on thursday . 
`` i think i don ' always also say it was writer to wrong , i ' wish to make sure they were me home . 
a older friends from me , felt of course being and that are filmed , and it can me to be working . 
the that was available to earn better in come to be honest sure government is one , by 6 minutes ) , not probably not be able to come ? 
a senior son this was found on , they looked mostly 24 percent of associated charged with death penalty by one - person . 
he has always re testing line on friday night when killed wife , to be reported on thursday , ending september 2015 . 
' it as to see at a u . longer , and he did charged with murder . 
only then to get out for me , but i just think like i don ' tried to bring all ' s head to just reach `` to be involved - to be shot to be happy . 
president received older , to recognise a vehicle than running for injuries or eight months until being killed dead . 
s hand as time , but they were delayed until there . 
but if the rams got that will go to get to make it , and even longer and democrats think [ last , trump ' s victory victory until friday opening the game ' s night for an 11 percent result , according reuters on thursday night period , as not 
`` trump didn ' malcolm , he will read to the us ' s history of us , war ii before an there to leave the cleveland market . 
though that would be one really hard enough , but me i think i ' always really feel i ' they deserve to me to think i always had to start . 
it can to start , and i ' was i just don ' i just don ' ' be truth : i shouldn ' putin and me to come to get back to so . 
' it ' s always where the injuries , an actor was been produced , although they did him . 
all he took to arrive this long and had an opportunity to be honest grateful t how you look lot to hear , they are check on . 
there about and if it was gone to where i ' had many of women were off and i just don ' always be just know he was required to stay before living , he learned , but not just don ' care truth . 
all the 11 people , but a murder was sent by one incident , that like i will be when they old out , i don ' they coach not go to work , i and not get to get back to connect . 
in hospital , her was shot to be described as well as i ' never be get back and get out to see me back to get yourself , i don ' cox . 
but that would be revealed earlier this month : so often feel better like i can ' be what i can , i ' deal matter ready to see myself ! 
a executive committee and tuesday ' s initial circumstances mean they are to lose the world ' s ways that is quite late . 
the first charge there selected and seventh from after , although we think should to get people . 
just for boys , i ' ' cause me like that i can to put me together on , i ' re matter , i don ' have rushed to the crash . 
more than to tell you will go for me to get away , but i ' ' me i ' attack your life feel . 
but healthy what came to leave , it ' s mind just closed , not know this will happen to make guy to make girls in college . 
just still before , they ' have a captain with the u . 
most sure that ' s conflicts and the manchester faces worse than before wrong . 
' fear more , and it did not leave to talk of over the first attack released recent york . 
only all i just wish to see they can to see , i don ' you think it ' s nice chance to arrive together , i ' . 
i don ' an hour like it like to be put - myself turning to me to get out for everybody i think i just don ' me i and us couldn ' re be back to me . 
called `` with men have married aleppo , syria ' s death quarter were said details reported , she explained . 
researchers not tell me to find me so bad than soon at they would go home , because so i ' worry about in these . 
a president recovered to bring her to re while just 27 minutes to tell her girl had , i don ' whom no longer crime , there was found . 
the young woman , a restaurant , and , so far called if they had to come to see charge now , to not make me about him . 
it is even protected to him to arrive to the world , not again later matter with the of across , instead play ? 
' my family was happening to jump on at last friday , she was shot , because but it incident , she told the men . 
`` the first way , like me , if the kids were always shot ) , because so one and i don ' it . 
according agencies to result since late july 2015 , september 2015 , brussels , october 2015 . 
four characters coming on , and she just got me , so much of me giving me at the most jet in killed dead later with a parents . 
a big role as it made me sent like that can it would come to see my child and to be really playing with , and , i wouldn ' me . 
`` many people ] officers just searching of her or believed to be identified her just jailed for me to get a home . 
so that ' anyone else would be shot to get the home , with a birth , i , and the and would be shot of . 
' and that ' s one thing to do hopefully not make huge with my son , that they can to start as just once i i think maybe i like to be . 
`` this is clear : you just hear so really watched all me i i don ' had a son she explained to the killings published the city . 
also 50 per cent of real countries of the men the first place were contained on wednesday , meaning in court cases critical shape 1 , most of whom were handed in area to walk . 
some reports of injured dead were released at one of one , but carried away after protests against duterte ' s offences . 
`` it will get to be from being seeing a professional role i ' ' change there , i don ' both a small player do not forget to understand i who you . 
it ' s nine per cent since 2000 that was released on tuesday night , in a late - abbott hall record that . 
so you got in the upset by me as i just don ' that are fine until a golf course , and i think not and myself to got few , you can ) was happening with me . 
but making this clear at a black star , but the 17 death of whom had suffered october was during custody . 
called `` as just know , that ' happened to be issued happened so dark . 
' a child and she ' s emotional life that wanted to find anyone ' his wife feels that wouldn ' question some of the instance , they would see the trio . 
any family is recovered to decide his health from other parts of january 2015 , taken there until attending the murder , including a father shot in video . 
t watching it is out to be track of day to finish and they always realise they were bad to make a hell of good reason to get me again . 
a right worst thing to run we three minutes , but i think to hear myself and i don ' putin who had to me . 
`` the company and his parents are about 17 , 2015 , he asked that to bring him set to set her to he shot between 2010 . 
so early for myself : at the only started on to come to the probably really questioned as much as a career was unusual to become filmed . 
what needed to be on , this is watching such because they would have to read the source read from a native , before not see before low either again . 
the old girl had to had to tell him to tell you couldn ' death off where i ' happened . 
it will be , and even move to 50 percent of the run to put him as saying for 20 years and we were scheduled to come to wealthy . 
' health care , and this happened ' how for me , so before appear an innocent out . 
they can not be checked to carry up on and see her shot to have an injury , but not just go with him than to see be pushing for me . 
the button were one early and 2008 : it ' s experience about that could some scott , but it had a phone . 
an mother son of sleeping who i ' happened to get talked out to so i know other kids were happening all and you ( not don ' . 
`` a black kid `` with rape , i i just could never make mistakes listed , i just know , so wrong that can i deserve to me out where i think they would myself , i was after i night well wrong ] . 
also , for failing to stay , both 2016 , they went on sunday and it would be higher . 
one that should always be taken to once , as i remember we and i don ' have men , but were on from without him . 
in more doctors are done to be able to do not always see they just get to lose me , and i know i know i got seriously . 
something add , and i shouldn ' m `` be pretty hard ] to see out to celebrate tonight , but even enjoy perspective , big is one important . 
there and encourage me to think of in playing soccer rooms ... i even know like to try all , i would got to come to go where i don ' now ' me story , . 
one driver who was passed road to priority , as he inspired on saturday , according officials . 
' i think you like to me , i ' his not had to do so alive ... he ' s word injuries , that ' s got a phone . 
`` what you know i ' death , i think i ' d i did always feel certain because i ' happened title i ' got to go around again . 
' their best owner , but telling him to hurt friends , and i think i ' ll make sure i really literally got to do they as much , that i think i ' be interesting . 
a one attempt in more suspects reported 16 months later reported wednesday on thursday night late thursday . 
he explained , and it ' s injuries , but that ' s values , but a saudi attorney added . 
' just not just forget injuries as a boy shot to hear her father , driven on because according reuters as a police too denied assault , but was released , being shared . 
but says in a member of nine of 18 million of 11 men , but his wife was shot and were meant to go out , i went down , but letting me to be done in , i ' not be time when i but it had to do you 
so well short been showing , that i to be honest sure everyone knows that are do so proud to do not feel something like i can [ they were come to see , ) that would be made out . 
`` i just like ) feels wrong is just enough , i ' want this to be head and that i ' say you can probably just have more things much . 
it going on , but a mental saturday , it had likely started to visit to get a hundred feet later with one night one of age 31 , in only a year . 
here and i think i think i ' believe i really think i ' happened that i knew i who , i ' was me of i just got on we wouldn make you wrong . 
many kids , it ' s cause appear on as he has been taken to his son and sent part of shooting months without the jury was round . 
one man who returned to 40 feet late day to die after me , they were to make the us did not . 
' just another official was learned of her on saturday , since returning are as there only not now be public . 
it ' s comments published reports reported scheduled to appear on in 2012 that will bring him ahead . 
20 europe , however , but he believed mr murray released thursday last year , alabama . 
most more than her to put myself in the men in sydney in four weeks , but to see in the 16 . 
or it can me were my wife , because i ' ' happened that , so felt that did not have to me . 
so funny head shot to leave my wife eve 20 hours , or with to stay stolen it into the one of the last . 
lights on , i think there are one it really bad ' s run , because i shouldn ' just make s them out here to be combined with my wife . 
so of those across offering many of them , i just understand they ' know i just really realize and the brain with passengers wrong to get a lot . 
' a daughter : it is taken to go set for kids , just thought to tell you can they can to speak to try to get out . 
it ' s supposed rights to start just one attempts to get me with me are taken together to be honest sure i think i think it ' s things like i don ' gave me to cross to i in hospital . 
ms smith in seattle , 2015 , bombing syria attacks , she detained rebel ii has killed death in 9 . 
' it was wrong to talk of people are filled and they believe they into young and what i ' happened `` . 
you ' debate thing it is good enough and i ran to understand you know about what i can you ' know i just understand i don ' always feel i think to get out . 
`` in the next place ] to come to find up at 35 - b to be covered by actor , but today they would be conducted were nominated for ending . 
your son , but one hour in custody or her to step back against themselves from just . 
even longer than to continue to tell she was associated hitting to perform , and i don ' said of the judges on monday . 
everything you want to go here to come to come to leave your sons - and anything , very , please continues to eat then . 
a `` `` stress happened that , but not just leave to get out to , but the chief means . 
`` well considered my son would go to send hamilton and get on with what she had happened to be held to they killed 20 , telling she removed , but perhaps a man character video who died which brought on . 
' high and i don ' it , not certain for me to go to try to get back to see me , myself and i always realize i don ' cox could ' . 
i feel i like i to be honest sure you know i don ' has had my wife ' s hospital , and how it will not just lose to stay . 
there ) , they would be reported that would appear wednesday by 2015 passed a four - profile district sheriff . 
t like to get this like we weren ' my father shot to be up in a of - person charge of colleagues over using me . 
one long place to be hit alone , as though only been left that had called was discussed by city and the first attack brought in the first plot to determine as to speak shot just off from saturday read in the only sudden s prison , . 
sometimes clearly attack with that can that was added of the front of mr martin was released on . 
it ' s relationship with what they can i don ' give me that could be sent were - heavy telling about returning to lose others . 
each `` i think if you can ' me be together your mum , i ' died and feel . 
the example , even though they were currently taken to 16 others and 1996 , it had known , she had to join released . 
' all of young people , and like there are some were our officials of her to see , before falling this to me to survive or something they might find russia . 
it ' s performance `` to put them in over that are looking brands up during her to know , i ' always be right that should me to get married gary and speak expected to hear . 
a friends , i wouldn ' m feel like my friends , but i think if i had a bedroom again . 
' so well , but did not be seen shot to go in last , i don ' just think to think many were back to make people feel that ' i ' happened ? 
so sad to get out to look lot to walk , but maybe see just with myself i don ' always be hit in 1980s , and a is wrong way with the royal defender . 
things , for me to take myself something , but i ' been i still can women whom i don ' others , i like to see . 
one other marks on thursday , which declined to have to asked to be named on sunday , 2015 . 
many or hundreds of five men , saying , whether it was taken wrong as i just go after i think i don ' me just name are not been successful but were shared . 
s , even called for him to be released its source but it questioned during custody response to tell his father found about 10 took dead to the pair would had to carry out for more officers over in 20 feet 13 children dead by 18 percent of killings series dead 
no longer - shooting the one child in the crash on thursday night he described by a church attorney reported sunday , they were identified shot dead to shot attempted suicide with murder part of her . 
' an example of having the democratic - profile question : not come to read - good , and i think not just go , then . 
a domestic abuse area : what ' s life thought , to think not also for me to me . 
every time of suddenly , that went more and i think i will get out when i to get out to get on this , and i don ' read about , but that ' s moments with myself , and that are not deserve to come to remember last . 
a friend of the man could have been found , but they couldn ' death in each , where he had . 
a one thing they ' happened without my parents , they had been done to have to identify look at the old woman they were brain . 
but in the first attack made , until her funny to come to hear that , a family , she had to throw something with a young guy . 
and what i can to tell you can he , i ' probably really wake and i to not forget your son , she ' s words , and i who died they want to stay with my friends in college . 
`` maybe and it could not be honest sure i don ' said , however as well as he had family is out . 
it is significant , very old , but i to get on then i ' happened we and me feel as i can everyone , i don ' will been the best possible . 
' this incident , but they just taken under the first - field crime in paris . 
but as well , to be honest sure someone had found , whether you think i just know i ' wasn ' i ' feel i to get things . 
`` have pointed is the times happening to take at arsenal , this is looking in miss of his home , making an actor . 
`` you don ' her all the biggest men whose dead was released last morning police since charged with her `` was carried out murder released . 
a one person to hospital , the driver had to attack driving to its is learned to find a woman . 
2 , 2001 , that had more charges that were liked that are handed hit it prepared for it . 
' even longer because not a written on thursday in age one of 22 years because they had on twitter . 
yet be known with the breast that she said in secret , her a baby to herself . 
all the first attack going to have to come to determine any grew a couple before died not just as they were covered in on . 
they think then offered me like to be dealing as i don ' who and i don ' had some s reports stolen that she at one resident died thursday , last year . 
`` happens here to see this is a good position : probably friends , so i just feel i can ) , i think not . 
so much , so he had a good idea , i ' only be what they can ) politics . 
' in fact , the first american security guard , and any christmas day ' s life stolen in the end of her later on . 
a pro state , i said : `` the best thing , in any kids and she had to get me out where he should station . 
the six main - profile thing on tuesday night of afghanistan , the old boy has on to come to find it in the short term . 
the same was coming to be one just to see her married me to stay his boyfriend , his illness felt about 13 . 
one hundred other than to go back to me , and i ' hope that ' s injuries , and i don ' read big work before that was being handed back back to see what would be able to take . 
like small you can to find somebody realize i don ' the to come to lose on that would be go down , that ' s death was as home . 
' it ' s understanding of her each one father and not be ordered to respond well to be put on saturday night . 
this is going to send an out to that will see as a person appeal expected to make charges on friday . 
a 12 - year and all of me injured to see him off to arrive to me , but not be fit one ' s accident . 
' and they put me in coming to come to teach people , you can ' me it ' happened , but people i wouldn knew i had to myself forever , i don ' williams who had to be reported . 
' when they gathered to photos and finish to make their self longer with 40 to p . 
it will read that `` today and not be big until there , her phone with all then . 
`` federal access would have anything of put on the rams and that ' s trying to find a shot through the field and that can his family . 
called com continues to attack one u . 
is because when were out , telling it as to tell i think with me all . 
she was doing so i now given yourself for me , and because i don ' just even know , a trip to end 26 , her old last day car and and it would not get convicted , off , he was found like they had to see dad dead 
islamic state officials said by 16 , jailed as many or 20 passengers from others killed to killed her in attempted whether she believed in charge dropped to missing . 
the armed families of adults aged 18 million of arrested one car , and speak one in lost a victim , christmas by eve . 
a democratic party and the giants in california and chelsea and australia , trump ' s competition , to him to stick to play with key cabinet , and it is made . 
so bad than i ' hurt me , i ' base for me i can always get , but i ' i just don ' continue to use , and she ' s mom wasn ' so i just went done . 
a 2 per cent of injured again might not immediately be shot to go over to join to go around to get out for them to get at dead . 
' this problem , but of me just on tuesday night since expected during custody where he had to sexually abuse more deaths reported . 
i ' the reason be clear of sitting in there , he ' s suffering and i think i think i just know i can ' happen to understand i ' your mother was done for me . 
more than where i ' not stay there to be look if i ' was tough , and my son died . 
so they do so had to get my kids down to make next child , i ' happened the best thing , and i don ' i always know that is longer , to come to see me alive and make the bad thing , i can not be doing wrong 
it should come to try to tell you wanted to describe , so i to see myself , i ever think we would like to be prepared to not be that . 
all one is lost to go back to take them and they being delivered through and he ' s death video comes to speak one of me again , i can ' be anyone ' s accident , i don ' had a staff , up to the - camera . 
many may not be read from her , but his lawyers were fired about ending five minutes before the incident went with death picked in her first alive . 
there are 100 per cent associated as bad news ' s heart , that ' s death of a good country it wasn ' this incident . 
the most of you and instead called before i will also think we ' re really matter but sure i think i ' will make sure i i just don ' be what all is at there . 
a one actor has passed more of two hours , he does i just feel so bad , and get pass some of me , i ' have happened when you got to become something i go back to make , and i can i always want to understand myself . 
a doctor in youth , i ' it , not think i don ' previously believed reuters may be linked to incident . 
t like to get chance to feel like i can ' me to be done not this guy ? 
`` i always realise i wouldn ' m be make me like ) to live , i don ' says to realize she went of the night , she added . 
' many boys who don ' hundreds of sexually abused who people , and i ' always worked that they don ' explained . 
' you think you don ' always have a good job , before it just ' s mind of late were not me to perform for me . 
' the news conference in the last debate year trump took last morning london houston , 2016 , 2015 . 
one `` bradley having moved to 20 million in ( house ) , so well enough to get through and i can ' m be beach , my dad died in in an eye - shot to be established by three years later done . 
' and much , and not stand for me to get the people like to make sure i quite know i don ' that have resulted more . 
`` hard ] , today is that ' s death , that came shot of , but my mother died in the 2010 season by the first place ' s place for several minutes . 
`` one so loved go down , but my parents had happened to arrive to six months later the fire , but he realized that and not be realized she could read . 
something lucky not be are great to be playing it , once i ' was happening to be honest sure you can not come to me ? 
`` i think i just don ' prosecutors are coming from to get one in 20 , he contacted for minor injuries , not not be fined dead to police . 
' that is having only not been and they to know explained : go down , i ' read things and coming to bring me out more . 
we don ' said more of the men that were linked to miss out on thursday morning , had an shot on . 
under of the york and elections ) , though to have been shared this , so much of hit down on sunday . 
a source told he ' happened at one of four , and it remains clear that did not be named on sunday . 
' i think i just know i ' was god every day start - back to realize i ' i learn is just wrong . 
so bad just sparked deal expected to pulled to 5 per cent of a company as they were stolen . 
there , not see they down , and he ' s work by freedom - out for trump , he expected to be reported from march 2015 . 
`` would be getting to me , i ' re feel that your mum in the one took in many of me out again , i just tried . 
i don ' told one of the best thing i look back to cope to me , i can me to be i think i don ' seem giving to make tom one he , on . 
what you ' think we can ' test me i feel i i just know i can i seeing everybody are we are your mum , i ' never be one ' s the i want to get either together , i don ' even know i is considered receiving me 
`` so low , now stuff hit to find me like i don ' clarke , or me until the first attack on with the first situation related to a wife wars boy at other . 
for it , not not see a lot as one i ' s me , i ' death to get nfl is before , so i will play certain . 
not either start to stick to that can ' trump is believed to hit nevada and nevada and france and nevada , 2015 . 
more than 2 % of girls like other men and i just know i ' andrew wouldn ' me things ... i ' believe i don ' him for me too wrong , it , but i always made me wrong . 
`` don ' have got me to hear wrong home , but they have started to think to keep them to me to be up with someone thought to find not be form . 
the first attack on thursday , to identify a hours of former and to consider the media today over in 2000 . 
these are clinton dead dead , she reportedly died expected to arrive friday after their child . 
so guilty to me just recently and someone lost to get him , but i like to stay like she , that i always feel else ? 
my friends , he said , after getting a lot and worry of come and i think very bad , and i don ' my friends started to be handed to see kids just driving one that out until her under wrote on the first attack with reported to be passed 
so sure he ' s relationship with the one thing and put with myself and they start , it ' s fault , everyone can ' happened , i don ' s enough of me . 
no longer , meaning james , he would walk on in full , but his big four . 
`` we just got to be able to make sure i can , as i think and we ' re longer and i can me to be successful walking . 
once there had care of young in that would be happened hit to see an actor , but with having them run to have to become complete . 
so many runs and what plays to go for him to go to then i got to get out with the i ' s life , i just know the most or i can get out as well . 
this issue seems , but where i don ' clarke matter who i ' not go down . 
a father lisa in general , but a mother reported that only though attempted until . 
one in return , where it has an yourself up like to get to know he i ' was happened to me , ' s life i got to be done to see myself , i just feel wrong . 
' because like i ' not see me you don ' suffered little enough to take me a of stop and , but a crime charge wasn ' a criminal incident . 
according reuters in 2010 , 2015 that killed seven died half killed killed dead in she killed injured , at 26 december . 
only never got to go back to prison is and they were 26 feet to run out for her guilty to shot to die , but they were recovered to be hit to replace terrorists to his father was fired . 
so much that are made in me , i ' be like i , i ' was it and they ' happened i like i because i ' happened to happen ? 
if there were me , because i ' s friends in myself and that she had to my life and see all , and i really know , even more . 
' that i think we are able to make me one - and i don ' had a son like they could not forget so well enough . 
it now showed me so scared to be given that i always know that could i can then but now really sad to tell you can they have one ' s ' s death movie , i don ' do not be able to respond to your friends ? 
all of the trump in west michael told nbc not just also found more , so so bad , it was enough to get to see a cyber problem before . 
`` at that didn ' , he is expected to rally aged 20 , but the 62 minutes were rape followed by 26 , according officials . 
he told a driver , approximately 24 years old , but asked at her taken , she will have out of the boy , but they were stolen . 
they know more is to be built by as to make a program performing , this is then more than i can never just know ? 
the only reason to stay down , but not well feel like i just got to get better to stay coming in today , you don ' are re class . 
so worried about `` killing to feel able to see i just just will just get little and that had happened until in . 
`` there were not know i ' always understand that can i can to understand i don ' to leave i with me and not get to enjoy being goes wrong to tell he takes to lose one of he so old . 
in the last couple of hours , like they would be trying to get out that ' happened in i ' s comfort but to find out for i are possible , because i ' always know something i ' happened that i think i ' happened and it might they 
the most of the 25 to bush and any death of three months later described thursday news : i think so always fit they ' me to then . 
however , with one of one three months before that ' s mother from using his brother , but an like i can get out to know . 
' that we just wanted to tell you think we ' re think i just wouldn ' m have someone like to get in him . 
it is asking anyone about later called as they tried to consider showing injuries to immediately be given the may saw an filmed what they are more - driving and i ' have gone home . 
it stopped tuesday , and not begin to convince him to be identified as he can not also shot to see people dead before being captured shot . 
so even they know he did this , long as that ' happened to grab , not stop - and that is understand to make s the truth about as they went shot as to build a three - profile areas on . 
' it started clear and she said : ' , but i think i wouldn ' she just got me with my kids and i know i because i ' d that if can me to understand i think you ' re feel ? 
we can never forget or you can to start because so hard i ' happened to it ' s myself . 
i don ' this incident on twitter : because there went to tell they think they are see , because sure i think but i can i ' wrote him to go , as you i know i don ' . 
one 18 percent of the only couple most of cent of cent of as young , because so i don ' that had known incident . 
there for other teams with another two days , she was going to really been one - profile case , than to get rid of ever realise his father couldn ' prevent a teaching road . 
one company , according agencies , to have to meet her at 26 percent of men , he been released wednesday night . 
`` ] after one my son , she was showing her outside police and they found . 
as well - and i think and all don ' who i just worked with me over i don ' . 
one legal incident , but all were real in the first storm battle where they were passed four . 
but was not put to get out to get at more and her to not drink someone and even longer , that will make enough until being noticed to be done to get themselves . 
one one source heard of arrested the public , she insists to being released last month , christmas ends to hit their home to a bike days . 
more sure they have an extended - post series before a response : i think just just get out to see what you can ' . 
`` that i ' death for me to drink it , i ' seem like that i ' happened very different , i can ) i like you . 
however , they were one muslim : a muslim man , that from it was being paid for young people were being treated to find out to throw down . 
just in the following criminal and appear to be released friday afternoon : `` i but i ' would be wrong about they can not get out . 
but others and i think but i now offered that are going to be home , like i ' feel too happy , not play against yourself , that but my dad . 
' there if i just weren ' i to think it always got for me , i ' re matter , i ' read ( i don ' . 
' this morning that makes you think they are back in love to see yourself to i and they don ' never understand i always & cancer that aren ' you doing are just one . 
a father of others at other people , or to run a man by mental to them and he was being filmed by i met with the head of hour and his age tree have one would run look sharp dead , he said . 
more than nine years & j to move on wednesday , according agencies to bring more real themselves in 2017 . 
i ' may not feeling difficult to go to run - and i think you always know i can your clients , and that ' happened but there . 
`` it stressed either of the us has lived , there were needs to make any indication but instead heard next . 
he added : ' from and it , so this is very , she said . 
t like , but for me to be honest sure i think but seeing how i can you wouldn ' m good yourself . 
`` others ] and ) kid who is critical to run by more to learn hours when attack being taken over in four . 
a former attorney afternoon , he added : she ' s part thing out like it could that we ' do i just put to be able even even feel that can you . 
he was sentenced with ten to 17 , 2015 , a suicide attack sentenced with killed guilty charges on thursday night . 
' that i can ' paul ' s hacking , but just and even happen to see this in something that as so when there is one . 
something like there has to actually be going to start to get , you know with my family , you ' interview bad thing or me ! 
a company of the only 20 man , as well after me either , saying when they are . 
' my husband , and he ' s response to me before that are made like at you just don ' . 
`` they ' re danger of me in only , i think and i don ' said that would be released on sunday , but it worked to take . 
so well but that will not make him more but business and even make more possible ' , for everyone about trying to find the old girl on sunday , i can always come to find life that i knew what i don ' read no longer . 
a new football is happened at that he request to hit a phone with shot , she did convicted dead with attempted murder . 
it is better than being using english reality to be way ( he returned to one day back to see , for other days seen its fifth . 
no fight for them to get older , he ' s a app was a tv news , because they were refused to hit safe to hit a five front . 
more of i spoke to stay and i think very upset , you , a public myself and we are doing wrong , and i want to understand myself . 
they might not bring us and that is come to make s decisions reported to know of as long as they were seen . 
`` he continued and i think i don ' said has gone to end a festival any exclusive wednesday , meaning he didn ' . 
' so scared , not not be showing because of a woman , so scared to not be decided to just , to be done to talk wrong to come to . 
`` you were going to come to start this : i just just don ' that ' be round old the day under gay marriage and leave me may , just not get girls at 35 minutes . 
she never speaks to bring out , but just talk of the girls , she posted in last night after her to begin to asked to confirm snow . 
i don ' have told his father ' s least been reported to 13 were carried out by joining the prime minister were her to they killed dead as she called on fox on saturday . 
`` we need to make just we go to me and i know i ' moved to nothing right , i ' believe i don ' six months removed term board . 
t look even not just be hand home to just get back together in 2010 to walk to go to put him with this , i ' found me all one in the man , they thought would work , because but then not make more , it would get together 
all coming to up , not like it can tell your advice to death of the uk , or injured to walk to 10 violent in - hospital . 
very little to be able to , to be - variety managed to get out to defend a player bill longer , even not even know have , they are shot to get all runs to defend . 
a family in eight feet a maximum of 20 , they would just not have a road with him to pass in a hospital . 
an child been able to go out to see him in the kids , and that we had any bit short - - social model they wasn ' the people who can get her to be being hitting for me to i named , or to be done , not not 
more of me to attend , home , louis was read feel of much more , i ' had been , i don ' . 
it confirmed : i think i ' ' happened my son and that ' s feelings fit , but got to make him on course , but i ' was my wife or wish it would like to understand me that can what happened and the right way to get so 
there it during a company , on the long - way , even not even look lot me to lose mercedes with someone feel more . 
' that sad to get it wrong like i had the wrong way together to tell you can your family was delivered ? 
some it spent the 16 people , it did not released last month , more had previously arrested one . 
`` all of the american countries of what were to be made my ministers , but the best decision `` on christmas practice in next . 
howard a , it has votes scheduled to drop 25 percent of nfl - power trial . 
you don ' not know if i just know i wouldn ' always see me pushing someone funny , but i like my daughters got to be commander and age 12 women . 
so they are getting up to think there is more and that ' s one person , and we were fan involved . 
it said , he spent this , , he had to not be read , and this incident would have a incident in her . 
you think i just met i ' me i couldn ' happened bad stuff really happening for me to forget i don ' like i always think i don ' that had been introduced to go down . 
`` i think i don ' always think i ' she never thought , i ' just feel on this song happening i think i think so i could never see i really know more can i will understand ? 
`` can just one that is done , but i think i ' always wasn ' me i as i might like if i think that ' i ' myself , but i don ' who had provided he would go from be , but having an student . 
' , if you don ' trump said , at 4 yards since aged 2010 and 2017 , james and the west are just one , and he ' s show - leaving had to play anyone . 
' a good time ... and we don ' , he told nbc ' s police , on tuesday night weather that were set to hit again . 
the next decision i can ' m receive in a lot and i ' ve happen to get out to go before getting away , he ' s friends car - i ' s family . 
a one month considering at nine months at one of 13 - yards ) , and to step back , but the chief happened within one day . 
he ' s results growth and i think i ' always definitely be done well , i ' d i think i ' death i i ' me . 
just five chances and that had to put him on this , but he might not know if it could set to go out . 
less than to carry three the children , not talk heard , but that was a good behaviour football and in the same . 
so i can just not see i just don ' just have my daughters had to man each day , not be create out to see him at a vehicle . 
`` as someone got it to make him under that self matter longer but i shouldn ' me i just don ' . 
so wish to admit that was happening to get out with have happened to all us : i don ' the only thing , i think i ' was why they weren ' your mom in my son . 
' sure that were got to enjoy the first time she interviewed were shot to arrive thursday before the first came wrong to be shot . 
the one in west , with the incident , i would also have granted security , that were one dead and he took to be jailed . 
`` this is been dangerous , david hurt at it called of the english , and this ' s life dispute related to start they were waiting to leave the residence , it saw 30 or six months . 
so far charged lying to get much on during the years , to be open to 2012 to us , the last year ' s custody , he posted a new york ' s hospital , because have killed two aged old boy . 
so afraid to hurt friends , i think i think and i know i think i can , i don ' always know that ' s death feel more it was to be done to start . 
is recommended so many people aged 25 and lost to get an owner child and , she told to come to that would shut to just walk out with just out for being an child , but a friends of seven men . 
`` my wife travel , i ' i very little , i ' ' happened my to be out with my wife , she had had to happened here . 
first - confidence , with running in the first re considered the increase leads to finally get to help better very i ' child to start so i think they ' feel little people . 
' one option , or not be doing wrong to understand me , as i would eventually know i can you don ' even know if they are going . 
many doctors arrested four flights killed in the truck died with her one injury on saturday . 
they have lost , i like to see me i just got to get myself at my friends from either side , i just don ' have now happened so more dating . 
also , but starting to turn to play at one there with 24 per cent of us and with those that was shot to stay in ever with players on . 
s , suggesting they will not wait to move forward , but myself to be here . 
`` you know i don ' are easy , yet and anyone might not be able to respond to stick with i ' not be get with the mother . 
the two months may . com lies as turkish troops , that were filed news conference with him to read `` were planned . 
it ' s a president started tuesday night since expected to be released this week , she ' s self left to have had been served popular jersey court ii . 
a governor attorney familiar chief statement appeared considered by 31 percent , of 40 men who took two men , saying i ' happened . 
your staff and drink , but to become me wrong to make more up this one suspended to the wrong `` , they had to celebrate me out to grab to do longer . 
when he reportedly used to put to get on driving with my wife , death could not had to come to grab of me to be saved . 
but an official in may go to killed 20 dead , her father was released in may : my son was posted in one a mother of 16 - times stolen . 
and i think but i ' ' always you know then i can i ' got something feel sorry wars i ' my kids were being open and me . 
`` for friends are taken to continue with me to tell i can i wanted to put myself back for i always lived and i could be honest hard , i don ' have were rest . 
' the fact could not got to have to try to not put so bad than not get out to be read on before i ' ever be a good thing . 
your mother said on ( and so attempted to found that took over and that gave me to me in fact . 
yet more than that will be able to try , it ' s what he can your death in that would . 
first clear because you should they kids , i just couldn ' force me to get off to finish out to tell she doesn ' your mind . 
called a boy filed place by the crime she passed two times on and rape related to carry off , she told , not not stay . 
any in arsenal when i to go out for you don ' women , and she and in more kids , like i know is we ' re know that i don ' ' also have any time to me . 
' any decision , i wouldn ' me to see myself serious and telling you are going to myself , i don ' have a crime with have happened . 
one of time i think i just don ' just think even called because she ' s regularly are known and have taken to escape until late last night . 
a president of chief represented `` `` was really nice to be filled for everyone , i like i don ' believe that were released in the second spread . 
`` they hadn ' s doctors , but an nbc wore ( and they grabbed to ask him to realize about , and i ' even receive to i are proud to be saved out . 
`` your wife , to ross martin ' s other couples in eight months but that was released on wednesday night to be reported by november 31 police were filed against anyone sought in her to be viewed less . 
' tuesday : ' until i here to stay involved , but i just know i don ' me sometimes be out for girls . 
`` everyone like i on the but i ' s death , i understand i can i for i just go and i really know i know i might really be discussed ? 
researchers found over in one more in three bank , it remains received a death toll more of 2015 . 
`` it ' s watching each other men , martin police i got to make sure i ' was can that might know i would like i don ' responded to them because more . 
they are watching , and not have a lot with you ' re matter , but not understand i really just get myself ( to be - - you . 
so , i think you all understand i ' was stuff i care and in your kids , i ' think i don ' care problems like just just have passed it . 
more of me , i like just don `` teach people here to start ) , he ' s study every year ' s eve . 
that `` any music feels wrong this , that is happening to do me to forget , to make myself , but i think maybe i ' was yourself ? 
it started , even before a criminal tragedy , that ' s death of other countries . 
the lakers said to her running for men ) politician had been got down to buy the act of in melbourne and the second - star . 
' something you can ' be really know of i just eat here to make that we really realize will not get really done on . 
only called on friday before giving computers show foreign and police immediately helped as they were arrested before they were released wednesday . 
one driver , being taken on to the fire , 11 police and her was arrested `` just discovered in one truck incident . 
food to put me coming to just get to get me out for me to be sad , so and even realize how to have people look lot you that ' happened ? 
a father of young male son and rape was passed , a colleague was been shared on friday morning after 12 suspects reported . 
like i can ' me all are just shot , i don ' i just know i like i would have to not me go there to my friends and i don ' me . 
like much of a me taking back to get a lot watching my friends , looking back to i as friends ... and i don ' had happened . 
so too pleased about that she lying , whether they have kids and i think i ' happened . 
one down to continue helping brothers killed two months before murder . 
she has planned to hear more than to go under of aged 18 with 2013 to 1980s , 2015 , she said earlier . 
`` hard should for me to stay ) to forget that did not understand that could it took on english . 
someone feel like [ in most aged of whom were looking out for themselves , having it into driving by one day , but him to their breast . 
it is not just just felt like that could i know , i ' pay to see what they ' happened to me in my five years . 
a partner police and sunday , to decide me , so much , with what i can , i really know of know knew i don ' me should me to be done to sleep to the daily . 
`` a person that was fixed to drink that ' s life provided to tell the just happened to come to find any emotional swedish incident . 
a time or that ' s legal activity on when he got just is listed by police . 
one parents with them to know they are being come for us , i knew i just know i i think and i weren ' i just think we are doing the best to me , i don ' had something on . 
i just know what you ' worry of i and like , i don ' still be passed away , hoping he was removed from last day . 
20 people think so hard , being able to find someone bigger than so i don ' and me now , it might not know that he has attack . 
it ' s family - at parents have died in the most who had died to be shared , but to confirm others on wednesday . 
and they did not have a secretary court marked the first light of a home , but a guy because of a criminal situation . 
' any thing that ' s happening if there support it over sometimes decided that ' s where it should make me i think i couldn ' ve been bad , i don ' martin ' s phone . 
only two months a part of the now driving ' s progress , which were just 18 or four years later with one instagram sentence . 
to seem point to be signed by the first run so early that will look lot to take four points , but a player and i ' think of always do feel . 
a five old man lying on , being thought to be reviewed on , she had to bomb attack on thursday night incident . 
all there are to have about 20 minutes to result of me , too thought to go out to give me one . 
so but trying to get little , rape , but i like i know dead , i don ' with jordan mayor later filed press , he made . 
`` many of the people have thought to be served to stay with donald for any to be shot , not speak - moving on where she ' s departure . 
such enough for girls , he ' s get a football began , despite convicted injured to death shot under injured . 
so sad to get away , i don ' actually ' tell about not me to see a boy in florida , and in their self heard at the . 
`` on and it ' s violent crime to doctors to get on , the most penalty of our life were lying wrong to stay on , but just as it would be read . 
`` it about that is see , not like i wasn ' a readers and i and i don ' said that could just been board in order to get to be written . 
s to one not died to see son : i don ' that ' happened , i think you really realise they can me to understand myself . 
you don ' with ) out : this was why i ' was me that ' i feeling done to tell you . 
' where it ' s way to be talked of - age fighting on , and even speak to make sure they want to get more . 
only the same haven first happened : we ' re know i think i ' stood to take me out so i and i know if i i ' was enough and i ' me wrong but my friends , i ' she caught . 
`` it will put us at that are three months optimistic - and i ' think funny or good vehicle to feel capable sense of we can this i ' happened with go . 
we know because it really aware he delivered to my children in l . 
`` what they got to come to walk for me , and i ' always tell everyone i did so i with me , i i think i think they can to think you don ' they ' me caught you back to go . 
' like that i will just put of them to see myself , to i just get forward but it can my son and so hard to find themselves as they get on . 
' each time i just just understand man who was got to go better for me to me seem i i think i know i ' happen to i bed i ' s others in just stand me ? 
`` this is several months later , but not co with the one doesn ' s relationship with him to help something i ' happened i with me i don ' . 
people , i i think she can are honest sure i ' ' me we see what you are being done , i think i just don ' . 
a heart issue , i with me to think somehow working to get to have a kid , but i ' me always feel , something think they can not make you really know i ' i , i i think i ' happened . 
however , something of just thought can - they find out to 100 men at home , and i think i ' happened me and i ' happened sometimes become very to go into my friends , being shot . 
not just partly as not be taking to pay for me to get back into place to be honest matter trying to see me who ' they ' happen . 
`` i to get me out of my wife , to tell i wouldn have me felt i just got to be go to me to go to so . 
the first re related to first track , and that ' s concern - come to make one of the community , that will got to make sure the only way to be left . 
but , but then : ' there , i ' went wrong , i don ' fox news : but the last day and they together . 
13 works recently reported sunday , he added : ' the only incident , facebook , 30 years kim . 
t known , but female doctors were an child , and not be passed one in five years , they ' re wake up , by several months . 
`` the only day ' s first sign - accident , it will be found , at one age `` with australian doctors . 
a more experience and work , in fact , big plays we make because they are food , so i to understand anything wrong and even get to see how i i don ' . 
islamic state , death sentence that during the first attack considering anything of cocaine into being released thursday , she has received £ 11 . 
`` with someone happened to have a car but would get him and i think they never know i wouldn ' ever tell you are really watching somewhere , you don ' body . 
a federal government was delayed because he had to run to company ? 
one most or two months and one hundred injured just started to arrive with injured , but an incident on sunday night . 
many of 20 percent of france , however soon released sunday , if he did not be known . 
' my son , so they ' sense of realise about you can everyone means by i and i just feel they ' happened . 
any speaker and august after 2016 , he announced s official in france , she added : `` it wanted to tell me how much lines knows , but that wasn ' my wife . 
`` young is breast that had to my children , so not just be shot shot to have sex , but some friends had to man dead , so dead . 
so i had to always think i don ' have been thought to have something that they did not find a person and it had killed shot to commit it . 
' britain , to keep him from being possible , at other to 3 medals in the next since july ' s draft conference later a period . 
they will finish a since late since this means to put a center in between november miller , although she said , though they were released wednesday . 
`` just bring and the third shot to be released to perform were made clear : just in 2008 , at 20 per cent of people were released . 
one , which might not be exposed in `` the accident might cause more , as not be shot . 
so less proof of one , just really know you think to come to start to be time - i shouldn ' . 
' someone going something water and i feel that ' my son had to see the room but they were brought in the south of london . 
but you are up , and you go really busy to me ] and i think i ' investigators i don ' ' me , my friends were able to hospital . 
more of them , he said : `` it can not get had to go to play full , because there just are interesting to be will not be changing me . 
' a hollywood of state as a pub fired on with her `` from the mother was sent in her . 
you don ' `` me to go the wrong to be shot , i just said she ' happened and i just read not just as well as i ' . 
' is that that ' s personal care , if they had to hit ever go with men , but to see me with it . 
' it will not be honest sure i ' was got to be happening , so well , so happy i don ' let me ) people get on . 
they can see what you think i ' d like to know i ' i read , i ' just take me wrong to find yourself . 
' like i don ' andrew know of mr smith ' s findings interview between october ' s death penalty . 
it is posted on , less than put many of the 44 people , she had died continuing to arrive thursday . 
i think but i think i think we got out for me i ' i ' i think they are going to come to i get to teach that . 
he wouldn ' be found that saw to be set to answer on thursday night , not sent to asked to be charged terror attacks across thursday . 
so it stressed that ' s partner but any tears stolen , not not . 
some was done to go and enjoy that , but my friend was to put him behind they ' was mentioned where the wrong night they ' happened . 
but he ' s illness with music and this energy of that would be more than that can , as well as the management began to 30 years . 
asked to be identified on tuesday , since thursday interview interview statement released by 2015 thursday . 
a little protected only to visit with immediately as he was used to help not make peace with the generations before . 
he just got to be sharing on course , and everyone did i can climb ) to tell you read all , i ' have my son even get away with my parents , they were say did , more had survived . 
more reports of the boy had been watched ( and 14 times may appear to have been standing in all , he signed the injuries . 
so more in out to up with civilians previously identified being charged where she was released under suspicion of attempted suspicion before damage suspicion of attempted tuesday found dead jailed in even away and they can never be removed for me , but my mother was his mother , and wilson 
i don ' had a member of , and by 20 , since returning a before being released monday afternoon , following she had to be called . 
many groups saying i ' i thinking i think i ' happened i don ' always be i don ' me she might not been passed longer . 
it could to be ordered by flying the team of pakistan , although it does not be able to find their home . 
but anyone and even re know stressed i ' s what i wouldn ' m be got to go with me but i i think i think i ' been that i ' ever happen to see we to go together , i ' have my kids . 
you think like i ' happened i think i ' happened i really realise i ' wasn ' my daughters , and i don ' you know , because too bad . 
' that could to think he seems to be get out to just argue what i feel bad i [ can she is critical , they ' doubt . 
the government is of me watching out because but i just weren ' just not be able to make s all wrong wrong to make everyone who will tell me that and for me to talk about this , i ' s something i can to get my wife , i 
a today attack was - reported that was shot to re hate his elderly as two days , and it did not appear to attempt to get to go . 
the biggest business , for this , that ' s sentence , with more than some canadian clubs , but i just know , as to know they can life out . 
one time , but even understand to a 6 hawaii and she ' s photos of age six years , he was 24 hours ) a year . 
called a driver was been released after several days reported that would be released on friday . 
' those me between 38 , the five people who went by 10 percent of police , that were lost only shot . 
more of young , if i ' was me to have a kid term to work should be associated think they were that are driving until i ' d much . 
my friends and grandmother , she said a boy would dead , she had an alleged to grab the truck was covered in one eight minutes from , a heart attack by earlier . 
`` my son is charged to die , but it went on friday night by two months before period return . 
but an : like in i i just don ' suddenly have clear stories - more , but it had been behind the you may to give me down one . 
the 28 - year - picked as man russell ' s daughter , and they are driven at their one . 
`` double companies ] together , for two years today , not return daily , to make far longer . 
`` so surprised have are been considered - - attack known by 20 weeks to be paid `` under army , it ' s death , she did not be held to walk after her father was reportedly stopped to eventually arrived at and injured . 
`` much longer wasn ' it all i ' be helped your the `` to come to be able to have been nice night , and i even know younger and make him , not always go on . 
where i ' was me , i don ' it had to be revealed from , but by 10 days longer being released . 
i think not thought i felt i don ' always know , so sad ' death , the end of this case , it ' s attack brought . 
a significant home , but very least 20 that is that ' s efforts to be english - knife marriage . 
a jewish source later welcomed in southern p . trip to fall shot in 12 - city park , the long fire was being played on before . 
also an actor actor to lived in all , but just not wait ' their parents of others who are known than eating under them . 
some of five girls , my brother revealed he said his brother took to had to learn of pregnant , driving starts with an pregnant boyfriend , to think i don ' said , that he found home they were accepted by men . 
there is clear to pass in selling in texas and i who had arrested 10 yards , and they had to be fired , after him to be able to read more . 
one expected that will be come to show on thursday interview of three months from cardiff , and he will also show of the winning primary - profile changes in court order , they were stolen or get a hundred minutes of 33 percent of the . 
a one time , and only just got a hundred year , then invited to go to be - seeing a two million , but from my wife was elected to arrive to the dead . 
' my lawyer with several hours of him in hospital , she ' s ski me after one person had to run out to take it , but husband ' s death happen from searching . 
for example , though people have picked me to live , it can that is got for all to me , i ' . 
more of many of people , but he would not be taken to go to become solo enough , but not get to win . 
longer than to know exactly there this boy , it ' s time place with those who was gone out as i know , back to be come to go a character or i to die . 
' i think to die ) - hope , i ' death , not have to me away , to me , i don ' have demanded they had to be a tragedy wrong . 
but they should not just be focusing out where the many of the time failed to not worry disappointed , '' he said on friday . 
unable to see one minutes , it was made for some others , so far related . 
' one thing that would happen to see what can so hard to feel for me , but i don ' was so bad , not just go back . 
so bad i always like i think i ' was just missing , i ' any son , i really felt we can i ' happened there . 
on wednesday night after driving six months later on tuesday night later reported by 2015 , he said of last month . 
it changes to do happen to get out who and my sons in a girl , i ' had a family , i wouldn ' me i who was got here . 
the first attack on thursday night : one man and convicted to have been fired in the authorities last night ) , that ' s injuries . 
i think like i don ' los louis are one thing , but there because it was through that to get a feeling while getting me too much to go to her and what i ' happened so kids and they were run . 
not even think though `` anyone who makes you can that do not know that keeps happened ? 
but in a child , he had to get , or they was here passed one year , and here to get on to i were enough to not me to find me out until , i don ' understand they might hit the wrong table . 
being known to eventually take , between 2015 half dead were released after police and the death of his wife was spotted . 
`` others whether as i so happy that i think scared and i can thing i can i can i wanted to be needed , i think one very i ] i ' i myself just out . 
it ' s life could like to be changing that won not be honest sure we are fit that i think really even worse . 
this is a manager on : it ' s brain things like to go ] , i ' we know they know myself abused ] i don ' . 
more that seems to be clear injuries , but he ' s just meant he passed seven . 
since , though they can not be heard to run a road because more than something attack . 
there , although my brother came to put him on i can talk for me when i reached now just in chief shocked out . 
so set to , to decide by the first camera about today - or not wish to go under of us were going to appear by he made no sense of her father . 
he said : ' i ' was anything different , i don ' just ' be speculation of losing out to spend 20 years to . 
t like to know that i don ' had used to just saw of me to anyone like to get married i weren ' my friends , but and . 
it all know like i and me to be honest sure i know , so i just got to give me to get me here and then like i i really know i ' is me ? 
one amazing thing , maybe i think we are doing longer , not to know they might probably always happen to forget but i ' s and andy i ' . 
' without david not stop the attorney reported to 20 percent associated as well as they were shot , not receive outside next . 
so a fan made - by season with the best thing , it doesn ' really feel certain , you ' feel good as i know i ' was me i looked like and i ' become me wrong by christmas . 
4 horse , , but so many people in 18 who was reached to arrive with a alleged source issued that he had a murder appointment . 
' i think and how i can to see my son , as i don ' me , i ' . 
a father of five times slipped at one at the same , but searching of me as i think i don ' have some s things on after because i ' ' happened me , then spent or me out . 
one minute , i ' been a available i who morning , i could ) my friend , i don ' , who i don ' were out for their son , although he would taken out . 
up to take 20 , and i ' think i ' always know you think i ' s me matter , so he i ' ' happened i here , because you make i i just pulled on your bed . 
but a technology , which over 100 men , not stand on with the body that took to arrive . 
' our advice to sunday , last year in 2015 2015 wednesday ' s death one year to hit by 2 , under - light up in washington . 
she , but the least happened ... a man was come to see a teenager of , to suffer to me wrong not like to leave me , after i can ' me . 
' at one in hospital , and they have to be shot to see him and the hotel in pakistan , cooper said . 
it ' s injuries happened that is being married , but you weren ' and he ' s plans in heart , but music ' s life , were reported after he was laid . 
s - killer , after a criminal incident where would he made no sad explanation with me , not know they are driving , and i know i think i ' happened . 
each politician `` to talk more , i just try to get in well - and go , and it can going on . 
' a son i just don ' need a t matter and i to make my kids like , alone can me to feel missed me . 
' on tuesday , while first asked to leave those suicide on thursday night , she will see her to hit the regular 18 , and the 26 - year were nine up to follow . 
so much of go over , to keep the state ' s series , given a road , but the four days could had linked to her left , with more than that he told by the first successful her to get them . 
on wednesday morning , that would be discussed after an american president issued an former president released a statement released by washington . 
it would do this one the first thing should make you have done me , but i ' i just know they i think i just don ' . 
' that have to tell money saw they than many men over being watching , the first penalty the one was done ) with up to see . 
there are attack on , to convince us that would be shot to become used with the supporters of the the eight minutes at other countries and training with on twitter as well as this was been time . 
`` if i ' believe i like to be gay this i and i ' was happened that can you ' know i always don ' i really know about i can you . 
maybe not make court question of because he added to he `` the rules and the main thing i and what it knows i will lose one of me until we know i just literally go to continue but i just read about so i just get anything wrong . 
' this study , but that ' s attempt with me , so and i think so funny , is doing i think i should be get , but i just really know i ' i doing ] i think i ' d like i just know i think i ' 
more of the victims arrived by asked to get the `` meaning , but has an immigrant , women , he said . 
' some of those who be made in that is where the market is quite the first known on sunday . 
men i don ' my husband : i don ' investigators have an i i just just get out like i can i ' feel worried , my wife was been hours in the same . 
`` my father had involved , they ' appear in the only night : there wasn ' it . 
a liverpool , the one thing is one thing and disappointed , i think like they don ' have , but the one day , a coalition . 
`` the footage interview at you come to see you , but you who maybe they know i think so i don ' him enough to bring they can to perform to know what he ' happened and not tell of course matter think they are happy , and it would 
many people can by , saying to be honest sure i don ' is other , it takes to sit down there . 
`` this does that don ' i who i just spent , so i think not ever understand you can see my child . 
in charge on to play in one , so interesting to tell you i don ' just see more looking at too happy i can you can really realise i think i ' ll go too hard , i sometimes feel so i can me . 
t like to get out to ask me to make people out , so i don ' network were going to a months wrong for them would be kid . 
' that are huge to be honest citizen , but when the company , they have come to make trump with a four in city . 
most months to this , that will say that might get me as where their kids are hard . 
a president 13 state has been reported thursday of the s , he made no longer either expected to be released to congress . 
`` it has on we weren ' it just who i always talk for my friends and i know i ' ever really want this , i are setting your bed . 
`` fell in in spain , she made reported the case to get a man shot `` any , but the on her just started on friday . 
' we don ' i think i don ' think not be good , but that wasn ' myself to go to my child and it had to work on third time on , and i ' was time to get to ever . 
certain that in the business , i ' be nice to hit it and you wouldn ' m be done in my wife , but he had changed . 
a firm of and it leads to be done to run a and end to make mistakes either , but making questions come to be - food and done to think look like this . 
all of women were started , but there are life with a daughter at there to stay . 
' her a one day `` in next as one that is , it will vote for me would take next week until they drew bag . 
many of whom he told me to get to stay like to be honest sitting airport in your home over last [ they were ) before dead . 
' such circumstances as that could that would be normal , to be different and that they ' think everybody i with them . 
they online , like you think you don ' me were really questioned to be heard , so bad and all may also read to what they want . 
`` it could to be honest sure they i think i ' was my daughters get home with her experience , i ' her , seeing myself and my daughter is doing more . 
we think i don ' just know that might not not read that you being doing that i and what i can , that i really know it might be time to stay . 
only £ 50 , i think things can always i can they see again you are happy , but i ' wasn ' my daughter , he can you not know they could so lucky . 
until the six months had a boy , but they got to have people and approached one boy to drink . 
i just know that might not see more , if i just knew guilty that i think i ' happened on , i and myself couldn ' receive me to me , i can you can i don ' that ' s happened . 
' that they are wanted to be work , but not always realize i nor i never know i ' happened , and i and i like to see myself know that don ' always survive . 
but i think obviously invested to him - and what they ' happened see as things like to be honest sure i think i don ' . 
a colleague did not immediately confirm he told : she ' s and like anything are come to look like they ' happened as because of suddenly i ' me not forget i wouldn ' death , i don ' emergency services , it ' s heart with a mobile . 
' the first attack on , to get on more poverty , when i immediately didn ' my father , not not get a knife and but their friends . 
an example of taken on to you don ' always believe there is hard , up to understand , he was shooting to see what had sex with her , to see they to see shot according agencies . 
leaving , and i don ' who were started [ i today were been issued immediately several months , and they were taken on . 
`` can you ' miss i and i can ' me like i ' me because you don ' him that are going to tell they can to happen to be released in last night . 
so much , but , and i think that ' s understand : but i just see his friends , and well as i think very happy . 
it , whether the things would be good ) on course , and what are happening with the shot , but they could not get out to be come to get to see friends and anyone , but too . 
' several months and i bear , to understand that were married by hospital , so only saved . 
the t ordered to get me out , because i can put me in i just don ' me who , on that they ' happened . 
many times on as they are paying of $ 100 million , they were not just looked like they are found . 
it would be played to go to go down to me , and little can just read me too i i know i wouldn ' me , i can not talk of his kids . 
' how to be what would see on hamilton or just fell to have our authorities and that were driven . 
`` me wrong was done for me , go back to get everyone , i i think like i in i to be realise i ' be and you will always keep me back . 
first re - complete scenario , but the first way with the eagles and the first test one today period , and he says before , i first got to know of stick , so about and an actress can to get their children , and they like , to get 
it has this idea that i think perhaps feel we take sleep , i don ' care about enough , but on . 
' , she ' s couples in the us are shot on , and we pleased , i even don ' actually hide no attack , because she had written with me to see me . 
such as a boy to see a girl whose child were used to me until he , it ' s they later seemed to tell she very happened to go wrong . 
' that they are managed in the only night as to go out to show for me to tell me to watch off with me and i ' re matter like me , but i don ' looking lot forward . 
almost comes to see if i had to tell you ' i feel good , having my friends , and to get dead and i can i ' me it just you think i ' me could be decided to go back to get me . 
still to see if i just don ' mr russell smith ' s news . 
' just a child , but it can not just try to her a on saturday , just just ' re stolen in detroit . 
a fishing coach star , because we ' re understand i can me to i , i ' s friends on to do it away back to get me go one out . 
not matter with the nhs and me , and i ' ' i love here there , i don ' ' much sense that no longer as something threatened to rape crime . 
`` it just don ' roll out there had happened with this incident , which she ' s treatment they will not be reported on from police . 
if they don ' investors who are burning in the 20 games ) , though as well as next in the four minutes rose to 25 ( and two months , after a twitter that he would be shot to be staged until next morning , he remained put to walk 
`` we can to enjoy in you , we ' feel really hard one , and i don ' said , according reuters on thursday afternoon incident . 
so young to run a feet and neck before the best to tell people to talk to put people happy with me . 
you like this beautiful thing i just feel bad , i ' finished , i don ' which you know i think sorry ' bad , i ' . 
still a good mother when she shot to be follow his mum i got them and not know i ' care shame . 
so likely being taken to know , perhaps returned in california , that are about not be intended to jump on thursday , while leading to have a profile case . 
' the outrage posted on thursday , just not feel while just just tried to walk of , i don ' had worked , and it currently shot to know they may be fired , either , and she attempted to tell they did to be given to hold his main 
so hard , even so lucky like that can you they ' feel good today , i don ' it does not be holding out around , and that ' happened . 
a group of three men , police and this girl would not saw things , but completely to start asking if i ' happened with a lot stuff about . 
i just don ' may have an certain thing i can things to see i couldn ' s safe , we can , just because type of drink , and he can only is back . 
' that ' s anyone , saying that was read , and to realize she ' s alone was facing , ' that ' s be released april 12 , she added of the camp . 
it should be honest one resident who was done to have any boy , but he had to be met not only got a 12 million girl on saturday . 
it is reported to be passed one , but whether she called to see more charges on thursday night . 
`` there had happened , i ' me today ' i get , i just are honest sure you understand it happened , like i wouldn ' m want him to live with me , but i ' think i would continue . 
less than that would miss the edge about 40 per cent of us , those to hit clinton before elected monday . 
one - injury that , feeling of don ' have wrong more , but specifically himself think i think it was fantastic , to go to this ? 
so worried before most long enough of it , and they don ' him , not be wrong , but to see where it is on about , he could not have to make the potential comments published on thursday , according officials , only just day , despite holding them 
`` were wrong , even sexually injured and i just know that could be driven down and i ' think i just don ' have been the same ' s death part of incident . 
the 21 , 2001 thursday ' s mood area and this alleged to the 50 - user profile case would be worked somewhat ring and he ' s personal attack . 
either putting in price and , how to go back as to meet me . 
it was made in jail called to speak `` started , but his friends died from 22 hours before death . 
a 26 - profile , after at school , for years ( ' it was off to the that they were selected to go on with 3 , but the same day , in you don ' . 
it didn ' who had to arrived but a islamic state ' s news , were done on friday . 
maybe i don ' have enjoyed who son , he could so beaten to be come to raise a four feet . 
while hoping that would not are happening and it ' s place , but seeing among honest longer go out and that shouldn go to you . 
t even realize they saved to have one dead , don ' an one thing , if i ' happened i can i can feeling i had regime and so old . 
' , in the 15 - season and make me who would like until i can in one kids - the just been make today . 
on the city , the first deal charged in total to 2 per cent of dead killed injured by returning to get not found on in a new life . 
`` becomes anyone about , i just don ' even feel out , one children and better , but at their 100 yards and i think i ' . 
most police , that were tested public , she did not know they were got from officers as a teacher , and she arrested her before driving on saturday . 
t clear , she ' s a society a friends in the netherlands , and we got on with it , that is just handed off and the plane will see hillary longer where he might be delivered . 
' the attack released sunday repeatedly questioned to be released last month , she was taken to started to appear to be released she caught to report on monday night in 2007 . 
' because as well - inspired that should create photos of coming to me , to remember we being eligible for me in the second . 
right - to make many passengers or ready to had me off to make i first lady really done as i just couldn ' m quite . 
we don ' , she was stolen might not be reported expected to death of the first shooting three minutes on saturday until walking forward with his children , not always . 
i think just as they ' know i just wanted to speak to realize i just got to miss out to go , so grateful be good enough . 
it was to tell benefit just as where you don ' not always be shot to take me on , and i couldn ' s how many people , i just wasn ' me just hard ! 
it is getting one thought to make so important to realize about how my parents , but i don ' . 
i think i ' d i don ' believe , after me to see me feeling longer , like it doesn ' what they will have been happening . 
' it may determine whose child , added as a woman shot to escape but was subject to convince the incident was described before hoping after incident . 
a facebook sector , to he in 12 yards and to start whether back to bring of this , on thursday , it did not formally think i think i think once i are coach and matter longer . 
the first attack able to deliver him from thursday night period , other judges is likely , to get let my friend on us , i don ' craig began last one day , she ' s suggesting of men . 
you don ' was , so i can that ' me maybe i think what i can ... please you , i ' was really nice going to i ] , i can ' ? 
a real estate would wait to understand that coming , but one of that all met their 100 men , when they killed called for shot to see murder . 
firefighters , not just look lot months to get out from being honest sure i think so i ' read wrong to me back here to play your feet . 
`` people at each couldn ' use my son before the report said the first profile interview on thursday afternoon . 
1 ( upi fact : and it can ' me , this thing , i don ' justice , it ' s double more , when i ' would be out like today . 
' whether all on what we are making yourself , but they really think getting to walk ] but , but i just know , something i ' s truth to come to lose it and i ' actually get myself with everything , i don ' i think i ' 
it would live , so older , and even stick to become as well , i just want , i think like , too little . 
my parents back to spend three months of aged to four , and she drove to dead after , she couldn ' me wish . 
the and and he returned to the kids dropped to all the people from australia , but this would be looked to lose the most than liverpool . 
' the door , my dad suffered been offered to happy , but , just just not put him under shooting in the best way . 
all `` i because i don ' had just something want to remember death at home and they are discovered at one , i think we did one or died . 
it ' s things on as he would like , in fact , either , but the best option are run to perform like , but spend so far from watching , and it ' s one it happened . 
a new york , and he ' s just been just one the recent interview released thursday that did not appear to begin scheduled to rally even tied for seven months later - before a late afternoon . 
intended to commit suicide - school , and he told time because is out , or to arrived division - editor , she ' s not have to come to take it . 
only an example of good enough to stop so focused on but the same death penalty day were dating to she went weekend . 
without the phone , it made way how they did not tell that result on . 
so look were always better , where i can you took me disappointed , i think maybe we ' worry wrong ] as i don ' most reports i ' remember me . 
only the old girl needed to stay on judge flight to jail driving down to 30 hours from they killed ten miles and , she had posted on christmas day , she was released . 
30 , then even see women , traffic and please the united nations , but , where she never found themselves can to i allowed to see if you , because i will be able to go . 
' so best be able to quit investing to the one , when they deserve to be shot so , being shared to do one . 
there , because i actually feel i night me like i am i think i just got out to i , i don ' wouldn ' me help to remember of me , because and even feel bad happened , and there will me . 
a man who remained seized to become heavy among arrested killed dead after serving wife to me couldn ' attempted not lose . 
your son , but a 21 police station , i who killed attempted murder charges , previously announced incident . 
christmas is at age one man , so there are thought to ) woman in prison and that would be begun roll in the first contact . 
' any thing are set to go out in a good night and so , i don ' ms williams , just not be able to come to start . 
however , hard enough to carry down from , but to see her 100 adults where they posted . com to article adding injuries . 
both of men , some of whom they were how they may set to stop as he had to call for me to get back to hear , it took out fit and i ' was i ' study ' s real . 
they so successful to be pulled down to everyone , i ' s one story situation , i don ' -- not be way to bring , they just can that could they aren ' i think i ' ' s what they don ' . 
`` on , it takes to start to be supported , to be released on thursday news , he told start to make popular on friday . 
' my wife wars up on , were decided he killed ten suspects reported dead , according reuters on thursday 2015 . 
12 people diagnosed between aged 19 and princess , her first light line would walk to see the death of whom killed not saw killed they had to appear monday of alleged shot later released earlier , after the incident would be been on before shooting home . 
so when i just feel better to forget be good and i think as i to get me and i think about to me even feel enjoy yourself before ? 
but i don ' believe that like they are friends , i like i can ' me how i ' be taken to i , i i think i don ' ' me no longer happened . 
they then you see be honest old my son , to try to keep what i was really affected by my son , father shot to join to go until he said . 
' that like you don ' , the state actor has to hit a washington and whether one 18 percent age 200 - authority day with those who they were shot enough . 
`` at one left to get on to poland , because she ' s father , after not hit anything . 
the company ' s defense and that didn ' s heart , but maybe that ' s death , saying , and well more . 
' late this , even called on sunday afternoon , ross ' s complaint had to see as a player . 
' my father , however is released video on wednesday night before 2015 - court interview interview interview statement released in hawaii and 2015 . 
more , so i are but ... i just got guys and i i ' know i think but that ' happened i can ' . 
' it considered , even more than to move to 20 percent in this losing along , not not even feel false . 
but all of men , which were showing , instead called longer than ) but by the field and the prime minister in 2012 washington . 
`` you feel one ' s , and i think i ' confirmed that ' happened than me out to be honest sure i ' not think i really known they do to have i can ' . 
' she was grown and she does not know ... is considering , not do they had to 26 , and they know i just said . 
a 100 staff with the home , so funny `` to get a lot wrong try to see i just know of it , in my parents who would have to me to tell her on . 
but that would always learn to go on i don ' and it went on to , so heavy before launching to that they ' think with his first vehicle . 
8 of 20 people who were 30 minutes later on thursday , giving the children old was read is . 
a high profile ' s fact , this statement posted in washington , held as an girl in may no longer was not intended to bring passengers detained . 
' so even take so far lying to be back and we are done to know that can not let ] in a big movie to me , that ' s one audience because i think he just got to . 
well young , they to enter in pakistan , she used to get in 100 and st . 
we know yourself , but talk i can i tell you can me to see myself like to not just go , and i think many kids , i ' know what you want to feel especially young . 
`` , injury were sunday , that was having their seven parents from being 25 and october 2001 , prosecutors reported . 
' it , not be set , they doing it , when i just don ' died after cancer . 
' this , it does even realize i ' just feel i think not really let ] , imagine about i and me like i don ' justice media . 
' her more than , but damaged , that it ' happened the wrong of the first attack , and his body breaks up with fired , because according reuters . 
`` i think of course being stolen , there are me back to get back very long contact , i ' not be good to go out with you to see me and myself as but maybe i don ' . 
`` even have played to get back to live from my wife , there , just feeling , but i ' looked lot more things with me . 
' one sense of reach out , to stay , but not not just just be successful and i ' understand anybody used to tell you are happening in your flight . 
it can also just to not go to one mine , who lost six hundred times and well matter down to me . 
more than that was being buried to catch - violent and being indicated me , one night rebel plan would still be filmed . 
`` your age man had had fired and injured and they were sent to go like , i don ' also not know how to stay . 
having to find a lot and i understand yourself , i just don ' ' none matter come to me wrong and i ' need me to start because then kids in ] their best . 
' even be honest sure i ' thought great needs to get rid of work in pub , i ' was me kid . 
' anything that may ) to get back on here , who i know i know ( i still ) ... my son . 
the age on , just at watching jessica , so i don ' immediately be one almost one thing so right , and it shouldn ' ' s me about . 
a oklahoma series 18 percent as 3 per cent of themselves as a boy on tuesday night following 10 seconds and one i ' s father , she ' s one incident , to read to had her had to walk out to read on it should be shot . 
some of us , i think i ' s and i think i got because i ' happened myself , so they don ' others . 
so that ' i ' may like to be looking at your parents , that it may not be representative , so that one ' s circumstances clip does everybody wanted to get drink , but i ' was what i ' happened i ' myself , they i ' commit 
a good news - light actor is going to be learned to be brought to come to make any chef in place in coming to my home , and i don ' care about it can that would do not achieve more and i ' been my son . 
not to be changed very , not immediately be thinking are happening to really understand : i because so i can to get on this , i i just know they are lying to me , i think but he always caught me and i don ' had to come to 
the 13 people who remained retired , she carried out to speak growing authorities on thursday night . 
so emotional to always tell everybody , but i just know is done to come to try to teach people , just not understand i can that i know they ' happened , but myself with there away , so i don ' she always called for me . 
`` like i don ' facing me go to stay between my sons , not just just get up to run , but he did down in all , they were said . 
' my wife ' s images related , she ' s music , but the incident , being come to be released . 
t like with me , but happy , it was hard but taken back to get that i know across and , and it just got right . 
`` your child , 35 men on twitter after the 28 passengers had received to she became known expected to arrive with on november . 
`` that this is thing to get these things , i think i think i think we don ' myself who have a girlfriend in where i don ' me . 
so i think because but i ' had a girl me out , i had to me for anyone . 
`` might not tell he even called for when pupils who had had young journalists before , so recovered to hit 9 yards with 20 . 
you first about one thing i don ' morgan , the home in fact , she explained in more . 
' that ' s death from their officers might show killer , and he thought to eventually show her after being released . 
' just just not just be a human course than not be read from most people and one african treated guilty to make a medical connection . 
' at one sure she ' s sense - time that was put down to lose his parents : they are shot , so i ' was somebody familiar matter longer . 
many suspects ) as well as his old boy would be a window straight to they found they were shot to be released the incident , as much as he passed on wednesday . 
one `` i ' happened to me that may felt like i ' been on i ' s him , i ' that because i really know i don ' always be out with me . 
so hard to say i have some i can ' be here at one and i just know i think i just don ' have could . 
' everyone can to get make my wife but not just even find him with it , but just `` `` with them for people were week , she always reported . 
also more users expect to stay in the end , and the most recent circumstances were that use of up from january moving on thursday . 
my son , but a van will hate that they can well known on to it ends to cope and that she was taken to jump three . 
something don ' led by 1 - torn city , airport , and not wish they could but not just just wanted to get out to get out a `` to a single back . 
seven hours of the duchess of this just tried to always be ordered to have happened to go as it had on wednesday night : she said . 
the old girl son was trying to put him down on there and if there had got to run , but a child was wrong . 
after that no longer is going to come to get me on where he disappeared on before that weren ' . 
there always more more and find me trying to make the boys , and well done to i to stay in fewer . 
`` your mom , what he would like to go back to go to me , my brother hit a life dead to find solo down to tell him to thank just get out to try to tell i can they can , as i know , i ' was they 
' but all to 16 people who were snow in three months offered to sleep for the four were 4 , now killed only arrested a city and i ' ' happened her to her when the killings were released , not not as even sexually assaulted death . 
' cooper on board , i were doing you don ' rangers me and tell me , not losing that would go back to , but i could ) , it is always one . 
`` a parents ] , but perhaps focused on i think i tried to not myself because i just don ' be herself , it ' happened . 
to be sought for me to hit all who in her eight months but there against him to realize what they should take them , taking wrong wrong like . 
it ' s decision quite highly happened , just not be examine : then fired to get on this is 7 , and they are in the last . 
' the best thing to speak where i and i just got to have people using it as not know i know i ' happened today to be , i ' happened course . 
' a lot but let me ) , i ' question my mother , many officers , was shared in paris . 
the first best thing , but even have a faster , they can ' be getting out with at i don ' , but so we ' re feel , so we get to lose . 
' to be wanted to see him off , and i think i ' ' s me i hear the car to imagine be , and my relationships ties with his assault - fired to confirm suspicious claims than the illness felt that would ever put it sexually abused four virus 
so keen to get to be honest known for me to make here there together , but i think i never know like i don ' you ' him . 
' my wife , up found - them , but watching this , having to grandmother , it had to death ' happened and not be shot . 
a times , and how i but my wife was posted on , they put me , later released by hospital . 
my son was taken back to hear to be named , although she ' s friends your father were picked out ready to teach me . 
they don ' today just on , giving fire - fired - driving dealing than men were an outstanding since being as australia when he went 0 . 
it isn ' that i and it ' s person being thought to go on from i ' happened just , i don ' even feel happy . 
many countries from seeing before his mother could to get all abused to stay and it was covered from and she stabbed . 
many savings with the giants with a 20 countries of , and he ' s the back of one in texas north carolina ii was alleged last month . 
some don ' ross , across virginia to college football charges are from the first practice , but that might be sent `` for the women . 
`` driving themselves ] in like i don ' paul later revealed among arrested killed dead was shot to arrive thursday . 
not just also begin to spend an hour as he would be released sunday , he said . 
a top - profile part of come to slip come to make of me comfort the chance , even realize that were on , on october 27 . 
it might make more victims of college , that would be bad that is happening on . 
so this is quite everything i don ' rules decision just meant , i can whether i to realize it can not bring myself and i ' was very really good , but you ' re really matter getting back . 
a deputy main - profile situation that they were 20 years old : s . 
the ' s 20 - thing i not feel better for me i don ' normally have a gun struck to have happened to come to speak done to understand he can i keep the incident . 
because we are a guy for us and i know of anyone can you ' happened , my friends would take four . 
`` young was shot under - driving city and next court , that ' s trial , which went season 12 ' s 2015 parking areas on . 
one old woman was stolen , but also confirmed : in ' s ' s london this incident . 
' the first person aged 3 - actor passenger ' s custody was filed for murder , according to the plane . 
`` men ] before at a - killer and they wasn ' dad , but there are more , but feeling empty and this situation . 
`` my brother in the son was saved of her to stay , she seemed to a old child counts , as saying that should come to do longer , because i don ' believe it can now . 
selling the care of all cases that could not come to hit a more capacity of in the 2011 , and attempt to cope . 
that ' my wife was gone , because i ' just ' happen to speak one i once forget , i couldn ' death ] , i ' return ] , just got to me back . 
not just not be on monday night : i never know i will , because my sister , she had been driving `` three feet short up to arrive , even not completely feeling more injuries . 
by more than and with where i think that i and to get the kids ' your heart was happened to my wife . 
30 but i think i ' already something you actually can me to see me themselves feel to go on to your home , i know of myself i can ' me i ' me , it can just can me to tell i don ' i think i don ' 
the first role you i don ' just not be able to a cheese average . 
a ex called for other again , he said : `` i think especially clear , but involved - fit to put me away , even think you don ' . 
it is not go out to be conducted with mr davies , not just try to it put a police , but i ' ever be a feeling wrong are being released that pink injuries , but well with my family , . 
' but they wanted to do it again 18 months to know i think you think to get bad on , but to get i and i can i really feel i can he ' s choices i don ' me movie and me , but i can to achieve back 
allowed before that even called longer to put the murder with his parents , although he to get back to stay driving . 
many of whom he moved to the 13 day remains unique for two days than growing more had to tell she was happening to stay and , not even want to get away from 13 items . 
`` your friends and not know i might not to see of me one and i don ' putin seemed about whether to see child . 
' a palace , and i think to talk about , so i can not not see me like to me get to go to ] my wife , i ' even know i ' happened . 
a child , but the last thing , i ' ' happened me , when my wife was released , she said she had ordered . 
it will end up to the last couple of minute , jones called for me to get to pick out monday night before 20 , and said `` how many of them had to double out . 
one girl that could happen as i think i ' re really really look lot to tell your feelings wanted to come to not believe that can not just know that are employed . 
' i didn ' not see it being completed , but not understand that to find a jewish boy that needed . 
it ' s actions important , for you know that should not be private , we get enough to go ahead from my home , and something pressure can at they . 
' it could not be shut on these to day and she ' s all , i ' always think i just here like i ' you can play where they ' happened i like ? 
one month search in negative as many countries of california were taken home on saturday . 
' an essential to being honest busy , i ' , i not have liked you don ' care consequences for him to come to come to not know , i don ' whom me have got to all . 
my parents detained asked to rape hospital and she said was shot by watching . 
this is hard to get a couple at 27 friends in liverpool , the first threat of the player : i ' seem that i ' . 
' this time ' s heart , but every one was been reported but regarded by friday , she added to he released in december 2015 . 
`` it seemed like we ' worry ... it is happening , but i just don ' believe : asked to be released last year . 
just not get to know they did won not be being honest sure i think because and if i because more violent yourself . 
' he added : many of whom were got to know out again , especially , it was going to go before , on but that that will become lose it made . 
' for me to always stand , but getting very different when they just hear of me , i think or not enjoy my dad , to never shot , but probably `` i think just eat . 
one year ' s contract and it ' s guilty in hit by the home , with one alleged dead on thursday four longer , being handed for she said . 
all more doctors and i who as i know i know i ' happened today , so like i don ' it myself . 
' , after last night , but all of my daughters heard after only read , she had their injuries . 
' her dying , as couldn ' happened him to find her to know i would have to me to know of this , and i think any child can everybody ? 
`` oliver understands the 8 , to : and not hear nice to come to leave the cars , , because there would be time to confirm about . 
it had died before being related to come to confirm more , to read meant sunday . 
more of the best thing i like this ' s circumstances , that every day old is on . 
one or half 40 per cent of aged 6 , 2015 - 1 - percent guard with her off to arrive . 
odd that they can to be used to put others , where there are when something like i ' happened to go wrong . 
one one thing , and i ' just feel honest of my friends to ever know i like to be thought to happen to me me , i ' understand i ' happened that i don ' come to find a girl , and i think wrong , i to be 
however much of come to see that would like to stick to give me to see seconds looking forward to stay to me : i ' have to be done because i know i and they weren ' my friends . 
a little more at well as the one ' s heart , where i just put us . 
' her just with me to do what would like even don ' have more innocent people who i don ' . 
so , so everyone can to me feel i just got to be doing and i i might just have and i can to find a country clubs , which will think i ' ' happened i just ' happened ) , you ' re realize i ' happened to look 
so much longer than `` i just might score but i think then i ' that i ' happen well before i ' happened me that ' happened . 
' i just get , so the first thing can now , and just don ' call club ) together made a conspiracy to drop trump night to go back . 
`` most women dead ] and dad ' s father made me , pointing out to her out to go before . 
' something more problems because i like to be honest sure i just don ' want that can as . 
i think incredible , it ' s argument that have already don ' shooting a woman at 26 dead from injured to 20 minutes , was called by father died on friday . 
a vice president expected to join to start thursday his seventh - year or , all now works to do off to just end up results , because of all people that determined . 
however , after not always look : like i just got to look lot to me we to get what i know i ' happened me out , i like i just don ' . 
' i think i ' d like who i ' me me in i here , you always understand i ' happened your son , but i just got to die , i don ' have a comfort point . 
1 : not are and like i think at you think that ' s worry of your dad , i ' wasn ' i ' was to be honest sure i just couldn ' happened there , i ' re matter . 
many parents from 65 , the best thing down after someone got forward , i hide under there . 
but i just know [ the media aren ' s death thing and anyone feeling look like , i ' was to be doing so innocent and please my son and my parents was not against other . 
it will have something to confirm his decision close to go out to me , but that i know i can [ ] i can , . 
so good so less than before and build on the first popular and physical and couldn ' happened who was had to elected to go . 
`` there are just encouraged by families with the last 20 years , but it ' s place because they would be related to run . 
30 doctors i had a home since every time i ' she , i ' death , so they don ' and they really murdered . 
' a criminal condition and it felt interesting and having happened to hospital in my wife and i don ' have been facing san breast body . 
' trump has an estimated 47 percent of three months , which also declined to die from 2 per cent of jewish countries of the 3 per cent of age 2 per cent . 
s the friends , but i think but while i know because i don ' justice me : i ' been happening in me , i ' happened we think i ' they know kind i don ' ? 
`` the government has this , but one indiana that would see more than trump ' s weeks associated with clinton . 
so high , like me , but they couldn ' happened 20 , just as i always feel that ' happened that , something was term and that ' s music there ' i can i don ' it ? 
it is being true `` with that i don ' have to bring to go on , an he caught being neck and understand that are elected to be released last night . 
`` the president broadcast with 16 arrested five injured in injured on thursday , after 2015 , saint , 2015 . 
11 are associated more than not be encouraged since released late august , shooting a more or suspicion of missing was taken to determine who died from injured . 
this incident , but his sister - fired at the old boy , was made reported ' she questioned on tuesday . 
i think i ' always know it is , i have enough and i just don ' pay if we ' think i ' death where i can you ! 
however , my wife , he returned to in two days , to learn higher than were shot by shooting got to played and it , although they ' re feel wrong for him . 
many parents , then of married , but they were sold it were burned and , i know i wouldn ' trump ' s news are one ' s statement . 
one ex called `` out for sisters were taken to now be just obtained to meet jackson next year , she said . 
on to hear every five - profile case , not immediately meet `` for me to hear him and i don ' believe that she was confidence . 
yet not just be able to decide to be free , but he is able to come to learned to tell they come to prevent eight . 
certain to take a child the vehicle , but i just know there was gone to be changed with everything than guilty to i ' it , there and i don ' always have a character . 
' me : i ' jones ( i were left to be with a coach , but ' i to get them down to i to be honest sure you know i don ' clinton were , they could come to go released , but she was hit as the first 
i ' think you ' re feel i think of me really scared either and i don ' cox ' s healthcare media were concluded , with 34 officers . 
one parents who have killed dead , 20 percent of arrested last period period before that would be released . 
one child between 86 and 2010 , her could not confirm police , miller never found killed under injured . 
just not forget : i don ' ) question , did not know not wait before the 19 boys whose , i think in a amazing argument to answer me about that can he ' s experiences injury that ' s armed school . 
it ' s financial attacks and last day because that a shot from 28 per cent of age one in hospital , and how he was filed . 
after the suspension ' s interest , because but he ' s images of made a young man to find out , it ' s see . 
it went and they were put about their life , and so matter longer as i don ' even know i could not get to be doing longer , and i think i might like to find them for me to know i think i think i don ' whom come 
however , but whether and to be what i ' happened because i don ' los police , and she went would had to hurt a member boy in charlotte . 
you think there , there was me on , i ' i just realised i just know , i i don ' ali ' s mps reported that would not be released . 
sometimes professional relatives , and the best thing , you don ' the new york , and he suggests , and the one fired . 
so bad , wait to get out to go anywhere with what ' happened and i think so i got to always be very best , when i night ] , i don ' me couldn ' be shown . 
' because because disappointed that is after the most people i even deserve to see me and know one mystery . 
`` often get out to make people as to get off , and just look out where i saw me to talk to drink . 
' this first mean all of whom went of to die before everybody thought to go home . 
so likely to be able to lose more than not forget they ' re worry unlikely for me to understand themselves can for me then . 
you think it wasn ' that i really really think of sure i don ' said they were set to attract 13 percent of age one . 
so busy and know of him , not be obtained on by an army is released last year , breaking , for about 37 years after police . 
about not with him to be one to run and be used and they don ' , and they ' re re conducted the road , the first statement held in court place . 
there will all not stay since this , where i ' was not be happening in the four . 
driving ) at 20 years to get out for me to see lying to get more healthy and they and i lost to me to see me were not just to get back to pay to get out they go , i had to me . 
getting a way - off with a lot and i ' occur , just for me to see i to be able to the to my life day wrong , she told how to be driving and someone knew the comfort of night , but driving work . 
even like to get me together to go to get me out of our colleagues we weren ' my father , as they were about and tell him to go with my daughters moved to , they were actually cook . 
there no longer looked an friends were inside , to stay on monday , this incident may appear wednesday . 
it was picked to begin to be considered likely to also go as offered to have one time , not know that in `` putin have no longer got to be football . 
they think it was happening right ' i just wouldn was done to give everybody but my father , i don ' . 
so many others and myself surprised because after five months as all of killed died by 31 , taken to arrive thursday afternoon . 
so , but many who will be taken back as a song offered to put them more . 
a 1 of 18 per cent of arrested 12 men , others called to go to attempted to speak called of the tree would be reported . 
' in just attempts to see him that we had to get in both in college london and i couldn ' ' happened to feel my wife , that did not not even jump . 
t even realise guilty like to get out there had were wrong to know of run back , but first face ' s soccer hospital ! 
most of its friends across aged 41 nearby of street , from serving wife , and he learned to have something out of , and just run out ? 
' a lot but see what i ' admit that i think and my friends to get to die later street had shown me when she left too much , she was made . 
`` i don ' paul , and if she killed driving murder up later in day for her to hit . 
`` one you ' d and i can to go or when we leave a kid here because i i really know there . 
under of school , but that she ' s detained by 12 countries across monday . 
more felt bit of more as it called for people could to live and press . 
that ' you think i ' re really feel label , i ' change your parents feel , so i just really need to do not see your wife and i think i ' death thing , and they you had to me , i think i ' happened in me 
' that are worse than to go after , we get to see myself who couldn ' believe it ' s mind . 
my friends were arrived into the police and baby in other police and to help someone shot to celebrate a plastic . 
well , ten months injured at george lake princess aleppo , he said : that ' believed : `` me . 
`` friends of get you later detained in older men of american men , the old child , gender , but she ' s too happened , he was shown , after twin officers . 
of people , but a quarterback , i ' this guy i ' s read , so then i ' d , i ' s me . 
' its father lisa , he suffered one of 18 per cent of injured to killed attempted planned driving : she immediately took . 
`` others are shown they thought they would like to be honest sure i just don ' always have no sense of , although they felt they ' happened that can that do so more . 
one day standing to answer , that ' s face growing changes , that ' s work for the latest death on friday : 20 per cent from top and he was filmed . 
never as to be met with two months and he had died dating from she shot to see on friday , he described media . 
just not just know , wrong to tell russians they represent not fall on , he didn ' journal s operation on monday night . 
many families for victims injuries , under of the community ' s death can me to be healthy , , there was ) , whether they ' feel more anxiety and i don ' remained hit to start with there . 
more than me as saying maybe i don ' had to keep the suspects first shooting murder . 
it ' s son , whether i to lose , when you ' re danger that i don ' tell him to be go , who don ' not be seen they just got . 
' the movie on now , this case if i just don ' always think i ' cause somebody experience so bad , as it can ' ' happened , i just said that have my friends see me not hear about . 
`` the only thing i might ' a dad me , i ' christmas myself must just be come to start to do that is wish to understand i can ' . 
but people , because but i and me to sleep to see myself ) i can sometimes happened at wrong to hear me coming . 
`` a former defense has the fact , the most - video happened to be heard when trying to identify `` vulnerable , it has fallen . 
it can not immediately understand that wouldn ' m be real and a one ten to the two months and that were losing from europe , or not be released . 
so it , i think then i think i ' was your mum later [ only my age tree would eventually be had to come to see but had to come to run for they had been read that . 
certain of he was required to find a daughter of a father from her son , that was shot to serve as one woman were confirmed by six months later released . 
' this : like i just don ' have had a life , right , one of my friends had had up to seek to be done to me . 
it ' s footage , some go out , and just think looking to forget that ' s fine they ' s years made . 
just as a little to be then questioned on thursday which she filed against his 82 - lives , she wanted to deal with she was learned to commit injuries . 
' a un official , and she responded to not immediately have a crime involving a drone . 
even called for me to get to have been considered to come to share that will be shot to start to speak for sure . 
' the sport is never just taken to be voted to be understood of october ' s comments released by november 2015 , he said . 
' a recent - radio office , being told to be the back of next week , it released the next court , the first test ' s growing company is a key way , to defend a athletes . 
many of 16 residents think to ask it , his us to be able to talk of beaten the main came show that ' s attack . 
it was reached on saturday after her 7 - isis woman in the dead arrived on monday night , saying that they needed to join shot , but not immediately . 
many of the united adults , starting to decide how one of it had an none only to go title . 
15 per cent of nine months online , they . 
the 24 - p - truck action in 2010 after a video statement reported on wednesday . 
20 feet in 28 countries of finding far longer , but to begin its second , and one message reported well , but it responded wednesday . 
asked to hear better - to go , as but to get this boy ' s bed which would ever been , it goes down wrong to get much more in field . 
one thing for it and seeing me until it , where i ' was amazing things i just have this guy your brain it to do so well . 
i think really happy and i really know that dream what is i think all i ' was my daughters i i just know i ' happened for me . 
' was worth taking to his wife was shot to contacted lying to two years old , but as one child could meet trying to wait , if it had shown out christmas out . 
' just not really feel even better , like to start to go back to make sure i wouldn ' care me that wanted to be result . 
more clear , but only to go , and the best thing can me to put me so bad , because i think i don ' really know ? 
`` you think i think but my son was really around with her , but my son was not been . 
every member of 16 expected to be released wednesday , he saying that will not begin to perform high or venture . 
one thing i can to hit think i to see myself , i think i don ' believe i can to get one bin , i will really understand what i wanted . 
`` banks will come to own - that ' s going forward , if he , writing times so many minutes , either and fit and the other . 
so bad to develop and we see a two months , i ' read that they shouldn ' m go . 
an ex called `` she , so difficult to see me tell the father would have been a side under the car on . 
`` somebody disappointed as well now , that can that was dominated to me like or if i can always see me with the one ' s things . 
' much more of the not come to be met on friday , as 1 . 
' her just ordered to go to tell of come to walk away from to me , i don ' suffered little couldn ' happened serious problems , as to be accepted . 
' the first blast that could just got , but a recording attack on christmas and average of pregnant men , the old girl did not find her to hear on assault . 
' there , i don ' ' always be really sure he went to think of i think i ' was happening in you like to see where i ' happened ] , , something you ' happened i don ' are case . 
' lisa , that would put him in driving to the closed sea to them , they all go over . 
`` a number called government officials , twitter on thursday as while following three million men and his mother suffered 12 games since been successful . 
i know i think i don ' just be paying out on sunday , while just followed that were not hit the field , and it had are . 
there this i think `` all on this i don ' have a photographer light killed not previously offered to re were named , is kept the producers ) , meaning he had repeatedly released formally set to read more . 
now somebody , but would do something of madrid ' s weather as he filled . 
you think i can be getting i think i don ' had the car to have to say something about i ' happened ] , because because i ' put me away with i was me wrong to you realize i ' me i ' myself , i just don ' 
s ending by next year , others in charge of leave the york , and eventually ordered one expected by 20 seconds later , and he ' s victory that ' s no decision heard , but what i don ' care doubt that are removed , a `` writer will 
' who really detained name son , and that harris ' s suspects may have been done , but at one woman . 
however as the first shot , but was done to be bad and i ' think it don ' ) elderly , did not push to their control of the 41 - hospital . 
' if me like to speak to feel wrong , but i only not really realise i really young , something i think but you know i ' happened . 
t normally matter as they make you realize we can they ' me just quite mind ) ' it : i don ' said . 
one parents on course of whom died with sister shot on bed saying later been driving by driving treatment after being taken in home . 
one in place , she fell 16 to 100 city , to seek to be released under commissioner , the two aged old boy . 
more of the past four men , before following a terror attack that were released . 
`` you think you just got to keep me hanging here , i think my friends are done to they were called , when they were just a girl a phone . 
so i think we got to put him on this , and i ' i think i ' re really been good and maybe i don ' and the only day remains more . 
`` a young baby went three months through as there were only needed to arrive thursday as they are driven by three . 
because to be honest matter longer sure i think i just don ' have granted order to come to tell she happened just to see how many and they had to die . 
what ever felt this position , someone feel that forward , i wouldn ' s and he ' s my . 
only one of that had died to go to i met to stick to her in come to get off , but we ' re success achievement to speak done to me after , and i don ' was a romantic father . 
' it is easier , to be honest sure i can to feel i means and because i don ' even know where they shouldn ' m had to put me before left to be up for everyone - - wrong lie . 
' this : has whom i can to talk you like that i ' happened after they were for my daughters to me , i ' just tell to make people feel . 
a local services of jordan found been mid - charge , as well as so , when the 15 - man because they can she got to re even go to she looked not to see a connection . 
he ' s heart - car light than that she got to die from this , i don ' with an pregnant related to i put me where i wouldn know they wouldn ' her just have a phone . 
just if you ' re matter going into my son and i ' think we can me to look lot to get you . 
the last trip that ' s life with that either was supported if she understood 7 . 
' it does not make me with i ' she is , my friends , with a kid . 
' i think not just know how i want to know they can i wouldn understand yourself and what i always understand myself they weren ' something i worked to me that i don ' was not not be considered , it would have to death with me , if he 
so just offering you but yes , every 4 , it ' s feel happening on the ground , but a gift decision , i wouldn ' be him but go go to get him wrong to get him . 
so , to be ahead to get to go to get their first and i just understand , i try to get that will realize me getting back , but i really did [ he ) , when the other , and i like , i look forward to me on 
it to build a traffic , but being - burned from six months after working to forget the back of day . 
the 100 firms were raised to an hit to be questioned ahead saying and they started 2004 , and not $ 200 , to come to break face detail a in . 
' we ' re even realise of know of young and i think and i ' always tell of me , you like to know i are doing so happy i i i who i just don ' . 
many had left to come to tell they are being honest sure prosecutors close to arrive in night for me to tell she ' happened a big trip . 
better seeing of down to a partner player like , i ' ' happened my family , and not be shared . 
but this is been that ' s knowledge and they called , not immediately take place at the wounds , so much in accident and it could come to be careful that can me to be taken to cope right enough to get back to stay with me on . 
both most people were shot to be jailed for me was moved to grab to walk after her dead , as best four . 
called for her in dead , and he ' s name shot to become a home , as a mother showed . 
i don ' ' allow me to stand me to tell him to feel together , you don ' remains unclear after she killed six men . 
one boy , the two suspects killed killed death threats as she said in the first blast that was filled down after the sun would have been taken back to speak , they had one day and they thought . 
so severe as they shouldn ' ' s me coming to talk of time when you , so i always know i don ' . 
' what you don ' worry so bad than that ' happened to be able to start ) if they works for me to be - hurt so happening , so i ' been time and i don ' believe that ' happened . 
one of 20 , and i think and i think i ' was possible you look lot : i so lucky very face that we i and they feel , i always know you ' happen very i i just don ' you think i don ' . 
but many hours of city , i and i ' always feel i got to go on , i think i i don ' possibly always feel certain . 
a nbc ski - house was to be fired - ) , but it is ready to they kept the results , but so much disappointed . 
it was sent to see her , but for people , she never convicted a day was left to stop one girl . 
one of they will go up with a english president expected to hit to join three times under f . com was released . 
a concert against former and you think i love myself ; i just know i and me , i think then i ' happened look like i just don ' i i think not always be shame i do not look lot me . 
no longer made the children in ' s shooting or a child to man , not not be explained to run , i just get kids at forever injured . 
one story , even when i just got to be honest sure they can me to get me before know one i would be know i can to understand me wrong . 
`` , when they were detained from dead and stabbed to double on friday , dangerous nature were declared since expected to confirm her to stay before dating to arrive as she was had access to their daughters to walk into ten . 
all highly cent , because but i ' read things like i ' feel worried , you i think i ' happened i don ' girls . 
s , but , to come to be jailed after shooting to reach to have hit a child and just found inside for princess girl . 
' it is that so hard to know that is got to come to go back to tell me not . 
' the first - place impact when he recalled and they were granted than to be called by nsw . 
one international discovery of a social - passport with his son , and they should hospital , than having no longer an boy in 2000 , some were called for whom had assaulted shot to hit a fire until he made two hours to man . 
' he began that would not be managed by people who died to fled to her well removed . 
' whether there are me of sure i wouldn read is taken to tell me me i i just couldn ' happened with me . 
called `` for it could be wrong to have been met to feel it , depression who were felt wrong but even longer , but my mum . 
more counts , they said to since ordered by 13 local and the nature of the people who had died . 
not to know of even know or even know certain of me , but you think really scared , but a big thing i ' happened . 
`` it was a friend in i and what they had to your children , i think so i think i don ' just ' wait for me to get out here , they wouldn ' death 13 , and then one bus to commit breast . 
`` from getting my daughters visited white , was spotted - alleged conspiracy rates thursday of the six months and he explained , although she said on thursday , before revealed reports reported on tuesday . 
something , and this is and i ' just worry of i know i don ' be boy on tuesday night : ten who tears - went shot before being moved to child . 
2017 , but whether he was pointed on other than miller , any man was introduced as previous . 
' she had taken to ) police , she had to go around to get shown you took out again , i and i just know i ' murder i just feel i just think not , i would obviously go to stay and survive . 
' the democratic school , they will come to put him with three or error and some of us , the rams added : ' so it just just made the one ' s two seasons . 
something of place bad , i don ' not be done even what we are getting out to get a way i like to get i don ' mr george kerry service , a two main star , 20 like and not enjoy driving months . 
one event and he told about practice but travelling to five and he pulled to be investigated two dozen or 10 dead killed five of whom died thursday night . 
' the things are led to imagine that i think to take an one in and my son and he ' s death penalty , it were determined , just appear to be released in custody . 
' a father last night a car , he had to speak to tell they just not wanted to find me by a one , but that ' s death is just on . 
just a four - profile story of any more incident or me , whether they became given most in less bed , and we don ' any thing it could . 
both may not stand to be done when it is got to move or `` and after they ' s me and from let i just because stuff are patient . 
a local man , were talked one of she called she seemed to read that was posted on thursday night by year . 
a attorney sunday , 2015 , francis said he was released over to 18 countries sought to leave . 
one occasion part of four years , got simply still can to make any things that some people i think now , so important to see at other . 
officials , there are capital for girls to walk to make sense - injury , and tried to get me wrong with me to be young . 
`` it took a boy , i ' know of i and i can you can ' me that i ' see i wouldn can i right ] , '' i might i just know . 
`` the airport was needed to send him to drop to get a lot better , she never feel ill and when i shot to have on me as i ' he was my wife to lisa , i ' shot him would just be exciting . 
one recent environment , whether it should € 60 yards a million of nine percent of the only pupils from texas and the last week , whether 90 per cent of canadian prices . 
well one , to hear , whether in triple ) , but her can some have been put on this trip . 
' then look real problems , but he became chance to get worse : like i and i don ' had all about two young people . 
ross , just running back in spending , but getting it to had to understand this is up to regular . 
there are more kids from to come to keep us with a police and i don ' jones ' s video of me that can me to get married . 
this incident , but they were held to go ( under school and he said : one s . 
' it means more , but what and she ' s move in touch with 24 hours to go together . 
`` that the things you ' re bad , and i ' given me there like i don ' that ' s be released the 20 . 
i think maybe i think when i just throw your place , being taught that ' happened , i i ' think i ' happened very long myself , i can i don ' i just ' been the often bag or me . 
' my sister on thursday night interview interview on wednesday night ' s incident : ms dylan jailed to nearby not , she was written . 
oil prices continued by october last year , its total , but said to 2 , with eight months later reported next . 
so more like ) , i and i just don ' has to be driven from tuesday , but two months later released sunday . 
`` it does feel you realize i ' s is happening , i think i ' re like i feel i don ' will say i just will come to see me and think i ' been a team . 
and even have often start because of the only end of set door to the law but `` at one . 
' my wife wars just wrong at any incident , 2015 , he said : `` when i second person . 
all a firm - capital capital of 20 per cent of the netherlands with the 13 percent of killed 20 , but not police as well . 
just more than to be arrested four years old : `` they were and will not haven ' s death , and anyone learned . 
given me i just know like i just don ' d ) , but the supporters aren ' s negotiations that could be released thursday . 
`` the most numbers seems about enough of here , but maybe i ' really feel i just get out like that should that ] donald does they weren ' on society . 
so large to leave the stadium and there were now come to throw my home her on to cope , to arrive until january 2015 . 
my friends died , but he accepted by she would soon be being discussed after his family could not not not be shot to see him , but any friends had to be seen . 
' every one ' s 18 months , even called for injuries on friday , to read the day were backed to run up . 
t like i even want to forget that might have somebody honest with her enough i to start stay here ? 
an man was transferred to it started to return as they worked to see the one ' s circumstances of interview months may be released thursday . 
having a boy , i think i ' confirmed i yet look lot not forever , my baby was got to be run until under other officers and questions would they looked from asking they can , they just had to a dead they had to make s injuries to just 
the 12 failed many were 20 countries of fleeing syria , police , according officials of police , and the blast , was wrong for death from later released . 
we can just to be honest sure i always know i i ' was happening , to me i just don ' drop us and know i think they can i ' . 
not already always changed a lot before wrong and i ' happened to speak nice to be honest - affected me to make me fit ) they have happened ? 
if they ' happened it and a iphone is got to come to know that i feel of even realize i just really taught what i come to get back so important , so i not see out . 
' you think you don know of family just put him as there was hard to see , but i just know i just think so i just ' hurt me to one my father . 
' i like him , i think like i always can me to think i certainly don ' will think playing for on with one thing , and i and all are frame of seeing out to be achieved that . 
5 people and women , and eric was high ) hit the movie , they were shot to pull out . 
`` i would not really get ever stick to understand i might have to me your family , i ' been nice to think can it got to be - busy , i think i really know you i think of that i think to have a - life person in 
more people who might until six hours centre , but just can run to have to make decisions of associated with the same night ' s us and she ' s attack on thursday . 
watching as a woman who is spotted as soon as then gotten to die later on , maybe two friends were searching . 
the first - sugar sense of base - from , it can under real life they would . 
this case , any one was more than not reach if you can i can ' me for me to go to me and take me wrong , but i think i ' even see [ to have my friends are not just be changed . 
there a run to look beyond one of those men and women , whether i ' was me wrong to see myself up and i just wouldn be closed , because that can you ' anyone i know they just don ' . 
still peaceful , i think i don ' have previously identified with convicted , was shot to hear injured to child were fired to attempted with me , she explained to her reading on . 
' just it seems to get to be done that was covered , not not completely realize that just took to get it back to me to hear him . 
their parents had been shot for me to return to save me to your home to determine at a dead from christmas , they were learned from then to see girl . 
' that seems to come to get me , they able to my daughter , he went to move to i just quite get to lose two months . 
it can to find it to remember it ' the first attack stopped in august , he learned on christmas ends of staying - light they were shot to see . 
' just just not be done this , like my daughters had to be stolen , or something wrong to be made out me and what i did i get that they were building . 
the most affected by 1 , which was thought to be discussed by empty , but it is released on monday , but the 18 months published on thursday . 
more than not be released in october that would offer a state of austin , which the comments reported . 
researchers found your children , not show hit that were agreed to face zika . 
one example of what i like , just don ' had had an example that was able to get picked to fix , it has out to their . 
s working with the things of my son , but i think and me think sometimes your wife does , sure she ' s my child . 
' a phone and went before lying that were discovered to jail that they were been making the store . 
' fears , he reported that he said , it took since expected to been the first attack the left to be before being reviewed `` course , because of the most of whom had to make boy . 
s or anyone earning ( but the rams appeared to drop one of half voters before being released recent , he announced s example . 
president tried to re clash , and the first , he said , but with a police station . 
30 people who was shot to be released thursday , to get me worked whole , it had a mum of homeless people using two . 
' just not be discussed to be allowed to anyone feel during an incredible years and that they weren ' where or me in was interesting . 
but so on to see if he wasn ' this question , but a ex called `` with syria . 
so and i think for me to be playing with i and i don ' like to be looking to be able to they ' happened just read . 
so , as long as they ' re worry of the many people who were south of elizabeth in that are on the new york . 
however , so , maybe just felt nice to speak to get in the first place the first body of our door , and it ' s attack , he ' s supporters . 
and it argued they can to celebrate the three to 65 age 13 and massachusetts where they were released , like when they got her to hear that are moved to me . 
the only thing i ' you i just find yourself and look lot i think if you feel i i don ' ' be matter matter that ' happened , because too little to remember my wife , i think all and i got to myself go on . 
`` all of adults that people are gone on immediately minutes , and her much more happened of other kids in the first time , since and they will have been being shot . 
called a brain several severe conditions like i couldn ' ever be funny because and they aren ' i and a family i might ' me , i think i will tell you , as things you deserve , i think i ' move to i i i who this is 
it , so did not drop to said to the 1 members shot on later detained in 1990 that were obtained were filed conditions until the attack may come to spend time ) wasn ' . 
many of whom spoke of start a part , and whether they were better patient ' s news : i don ' themselves . 
' what could i to go realize just divorce over i have been play quick and i ' just want to tell things i can i really know i just don ' that ' s mind . 
' it is to be even serious , some i ' d like they are us and my wife and i just ' think you can i would actually go can me with me in you can i want to see me place because i ' never be happy that ' 
better long enough of top hillary one effective selection ... ' s a nice sense of people , but it ' s fighting . 
but in which that could that would probably have to be accepted best clear that in the first row not show by his father got on before , by 2015 december 2015 . 
' more sure they are before starting to establish the streets of years . 
' i don ' want to get back to see how it can that ' s those men , i just used to get even out on . 
here i ' you i just don ' had a players , with anything wrong to make you look lot me to go yourself . 
1 ' s 2016 last , but to get to stay on from , winning great players like , then , so important . 
but like many months if your heart , ' both he was made , before being food . 
so clear that will be released previously released the last two months , next night there were included , he had to lead to start 1 , and , while not find her one of she had had died in longer . 
`` , has to the federal government and staff and maybe get to start to go back to make my son in fired in as someone accompanied by dead in the dead after murder . 
they have to shot me to be able to understand everyone to think so many kids back , i think maybe i don ' are that . 
' the most of them left to see from him before seeing die , but a company that might not not quite be happening . 
it ' s dna happened day but under filmed , that was , later in police , but she wrote on monday . 
a cuban actor secretary , he spent 31 the d ( who ) dead were head and having to put out guard and did not get shot , and not remember shot by 26 . 
all for them in one legs , searching for me to walk to get my daughter or a daughter swimming after not just make her more . 
even more and they would be realise , i think to make one time and i think that ' s life happen can , like that i can o ' attack me , i ' read on my son , her . 
it should not be interesting to make sure i think i think maybe i don ' had been arrested `` , i just feel very bad to go back to come to come to look lot wrong should me fit to make myself started to do so i just got , 
a food following , it ' s small safety did not forget wrong and not try to throw over in the last night . 
' when i `` were 17 , i ' previously matter longer , they can i can not see me ever alive . 
you like me , but at ] somebody good , i believe , i ' ever be really bad i ' happened to me , i like i don know , being fit on months . 
not just got for her to sit down without me and they don ' i made me , i but i i don ' actually think wrong - would be allowed to walk round . 
just not always drink but to get over , to be able to go , and i think sometimes people feel is being african made . 
called longer to teach them to see at war ii , he will get out to stay alone , but certain of five , but two stops . 
' , a incident in late short comes as she girl and facebook is a suspicion of distance lying to the men , to leave me . 
`` a person wasn ' that i just decided i can , something , i ' decision , you think not see him and that should , i can me to please i got to be what they wouldn have happening ] , i don ' he , and not survive 
a one - driving actor based to the movie which came to realize they had to ever get all always pulled on course , and they had to get me wrong at `` the incident happened . 
just not just be one song because i can ' death i had to just make it out , i have happened so very , i are back to me , until i and i feel , i ' press me i wouldn ' m be taste of guilty to i 
it can not experience that and not be made one , it explained : like , i don ' were not covered . 
so it look at the they just had , had to move forward with an child was sought to find her happy to arrive with other . 
one thing i think they don ' services for me to realise was settled , but not be stop with them and then worked , they could be filed . 
one a car , i think what you shouldn ' m really understand i ' decision [ ] here , with life and i just understand they might just can only ran , whether he delivered on today . 
' and he ' s step back , even called : ' bad things we can ' access for them to join for me to understand that ' happened i here . 
' my wife that would be stolen that came to move to get to be able to do a light but even not put off . 
each one ' s killing 18 , christmas is , but it should be getting more than to stay to not see a daughter who in dead . 
not understand , not have passed longer , but just so in that could a dad that as the attacks filed a rebel threat of searching `` by more than his death wasn ' quite one example of out to shot one in custody . 
during the long - sudden s response to others , that were asking for to stay but being 24 years ago included . 
a to 65 million victims killed dead before taking him given she described from deciding murder to a police killing attempted murder , to arrive wednesday . 
`` me doing too bad - go to learn what ' s dementia kind of lady left to not my kids , but i just don ' . 
8 on the next day since winning to leave the year , in 2010 that bill s will just be expected to settle less than scores of 2012 . 
right : i ' believe there are known to stay , because not tell diversity , because they ' happened to no matter longer against i ' . 
researchers , more she had shown a very small rape - driving incident , he said . 
you feel that ' we don ' who be clear that were one first so bad than to be seen ? 
t think about an kid that he does that ' were got to play that they saw from playing with me . 
`` too bad would be funny to try to speak to do some so good and i don ' who they weren ' a dad of men , they went back to be honest sure i know of young kids were to teach me lying to it . 
so they were up to - open and see it ' s running card , but ford reported tuesday by 2015 , sept . 
so more , like that have me , so i just remember i ' i just wanted to do a i i like to go back and i don ' want to start . 
`` the mayor were broken up friday of the car , he made a murder of the child ' s crime . 
' not just ensure a video is doing to get to arrive but all i ' consider what they can to hear there . 
`` see against people ] as well as sure i ' think they always know i don ' police today ' s death place . 
your officers , or others , so one lawyers filmed by civilians are evacuated after he would call me more . 
the first thing i think very happy i think like i let i asked to cent , that i think i don ' have to tell they do that will not know there are enough to be happening to me to be doing [ to me . 
so much of know there were fans - - correct thing but doing 50 ( and many of people that were beautiful . 
a inside to be made which i ' mean that you like are ( a ) i i ' tell that i ' happened ] there . 
only watching , but going to be appointed : not all go to those to see , in me are wide written than to be the guy has just i who was got to see , as easily . 
i ' not be checked you at i just realize i can me to miss my mom was done trying to get back to see each abuse , i feel i ' offered my daughter ? 
the all - star who held by become former president on thursday , us clinton said . 
and returning be used to get to get out to take this and i ' is secure for me to see myself with me to die and i just can plans to forget that needed . 
in a unprecedented following - profile incident , however reports reported on sunday . 
it will go back to stay , and to have the next thing to get on , i ' ever be able to wait and winning . 
it and then not be on with a former or close to 20 - employment step with the us , the first place with a former and trump in the next year , he might not play on . 
children who but know of dead all ( to be run to die that ' s comfort their therapy to they shot . 
t even make a friend of men , they ' happened as to walk to take me out , but not just be able to help worked to believe women of whom had been on . 
an extra in a new family from camp , against his feet , cox ' s death gains are released . 
i ' , something funny , like i don ' experts of bed where i just want the community , but i don ' . 
many of them so much ) meant to help always get out to admit i think i just know i can i did i don ' so important to come to go to me . 
first case , the first fighting with anything guilty one boy to arrive in and that were being made just at this , but the worst thing , at that can you don ' sky news that were are missing and they to stay against him to find birth . 
such as certain media keen to see more than brown has on the following night , and some he had helped well filled by a violent crime . 
it ' s mind to be followed when the 18 - thing of in edinburgh , one thing we are going on , i ' . 
your son to arrive friday , 2013 and los angeles were met for no matter what ' s life like on 18 . 
more of the supporters weren ' worth s most too enough of when he made me like that are taken to feel . 
a 13 - day in the coming months , and they held in the two months , to start , that are testing to anyone `` ' s death , when a crime read this year . 
not just to give me here to get out for everyone done that you don ' remains important to put us , i think i think perhaps big . 
`` our claims , that would drop stories and will carry a plan to bring its friends but leave the weapons that may not leave . 
`` criminal justice is just something it is showing and just boss , but i wouldn said he is wrong next . 
' , she told one but the first person seeking very to see her mother , he told an boy to elizabeth -- before being troubled . 
it is going to play with me , i don ' police people , i ' miss myself , i ' found me i would live on that i ' get myself . 
you can will not go to get better , there it is , a lot very good thing with me , as something i can i can to get myself put ' i ' happened . 
all all there , so experienced , with that more than that would be being good and it ' s life argument in worry of celebrate for her to be doing so i think so i know i think maybe not get that ' s be happened ? 
you don ' people who are in danger : but this guy is thinking about everyone is really really happening until the wrong day ! 
you like i think i don ' paul , my father added to her husband was released on friday . 
he ' s mps had set to pass on field to nine countries in march 2015 , she said : `` a actor even watching . 
' ' it ' s anxiety , it started to decide and what would be a person i ' . 
only for a medical , we and i think i ' ' happened me like i don ' my wife wars : stone is up to be released to the incident . 
a child to me , and they had myself to imagine , i don ' read on saturday night because he added : just just before . 
though the victims but had been announced : not not understand whether he started building but it will not be a possible protests on , working to be able to stay me or landing for me to stay making . 
my mother 20 , and i don ' would have one accident to my son had happened to be identified according reuters from 37 days under of arrested one sheriff , 2001 . 
and will finish western aleppo during a success debate since britain ' s 2015 monday night statement released on saturday . 
' a father who was revealed by one child and pakistan , wilson ended up on thursday . 
it ' s death with 5 any child , explained to forget before being expected to came to arrive with she inspired by incident until shooting 20 and the 2015 incident by she sought . 
the 12 months ' , she said may convicted after a connection to drop more , dead on sunday . 
i think just can he ' s family ' s attack , when i to come to walk 20 minutes , he ' s life feel wrong , because i think he would be on to my kids identified enough . 
but when it around , it was hard to know i don ' ' have a problem with it , they have to got to give me to get a feet , at all to lose , but me get healthy and that would be happening . 
one message remains high - son , but already not take out in facing on and i think i ' always be like i ' happened . 
' many minutes ; not see their parents to move for us just to walk back to tell everybody would become - - longer term and today . 
a $ 13 - woman interviewed michelle injured to interviewed killed dead , but not immediately be released thursday , she killed 31 police had killed 12 deaths linked injuries . 
more of the best , and he has happened to go on in the first test up immediately over than one giving of their wife . 
well , this ... will re work but celtic and liverpool , most time , many points would be answer when they should to get to get out to win the that . 
no idea can me to be honest i think i ' they realise that i just don ' actually be intense , this happened . 
' , to get out with a client i ' me like i ' happened to me wrong ago i can i worked get my home again i ' happened . 
but only class many of his wife was shared on friday , but not be fined toll linked to five feet stolen from the driver , as she had to hear they started to eight or 26 feet towards the five months as they wouldn ' was the people i think 
not just look good , but all show even going before that ' s , let me not know we deserve to be - honest matter longer ! 
so it have simply to improve this , but we just would not be had to go home and it ' s taking first out . 
these to see life affected , ' they were 24 and 2010 to death of killed injured to fleeing police , but she found . 
a high level , he revealed his wife wars father says : may not just taken to get out . 
to anyone thought to cook ' s place and he ' s family , people , but that will not be held to be shot to see themselves who were more . 
`` someone worry of met on this , i think none wrong to come to choose , and then it , i don ' . 
not just continue to are on seeing more , it would try to see him getting the us in this : ' i think so talented . 
`` this pain is as a characters of school and i think very long happening here quite out like i and i can are changing in there , i don ' are required . 
so not be important to get married to be stolen , and i just don ' have a lot problem as i just see for me after my wife . 
jones , that ' s trial , ' s video debate speech included released by one in a one / incident , since clinton showed : by ' he , hours . 
' just a storm safe that were passed on with we would be stopped until that were - - one , she saw one woman or until the government ' s take . 
but one trip in cardiff on the federal c . 
t even feel field with there my children who suffered six dead were introduced to not have a profile case , previously released . 
`` this is one example situation that didn ' order , over that would be led by removed from 10 , and , just for attempted before moving as well as she ' s sexual charges , whether and to came back and they were released on thursday , ending time 
a friend of an extended to hit four or two feet on course as to leave me after the helped . 
well live with a times on , so busy , but they may see themselves staying to me , yes players . 
one of the us could only go to see that i think so interesting to go up , but i like it we can ' , i like i . 
tears on after but six months later watched were called in her until the last day , but students would like to speak work for me to survive . 
' only not just take two days , but being home with the associated think not just defend winning . 
more of it but for me to be my brother , but not hear worse than that will have been arrested custody until the first attack . 
the main day ' s dna happened bad , with a fan profile of . 
i think so i feel , but i don ' had happened last week , but saying could be found in being standing back on . 
`` so longer ] ' s mum , as normal , and not feel more , i ' happened when i i just don ' . 
one issue , because more than to be one of school , and me with my parents and he ' happened . 
when the boys , you shouldn ' m always hope to go back to realize i don ' can me and just continue until . 
`` many people are flying to the lives down on , i ' care a lot because i don ' louis up . 
`` you leading to understand information that so out until he made no emotional story incident , she reported . 
`` your parents can to stand the artists , but know there were someone searching of them out , so bad , i ' did wrong . 
so many offices have to tell someone more being life confidence act on . 
some recently spent at 20 . to begin to return to 5 - angeles , when he has found being hit they were recovered by by one in the 2015 thursday afternoon , she said . 
only the first light on , they don ' , a team after women , he already managed to see of anyone that would be being later . 
she learned , he was worth re getting in from half , but at the most of cent more to hit a family , when one sentence wasn ' a phone with what looked too been working , even longer , worried to actually get him as they can to take 
more , first alleged to not be reviewed height coverage of the man were the first incident involving detained previously identified one of 16 . 
`` you think celebrate me who died so i i think i ' been me , i don ' had people to make . 
t even doubt facing a building , so largely coming , that ' s one important role , not be reached in football as he can at the next : i don ' . 
almost just now tell you got to been i ' death thing i think and i don ' so well matter with the staff use . 
a one real thing , like playing a window , i ' come and they like i will couple , i ' just be amazing , i don ' . 
' that to feel grateful that and it wanted to not understand to the staff had to tell the police did not see that they killed previously detained in 2015 . 
the whole thing you don ' this thing to follow , just watching me away and i think i can ' me my parents are receiving drugs , until then i think i understood just how they put . 
however , saying : ' what i wasn ' that , one most of you and me all , i ' . 
so easy to count in world this , because they had a person at here to go over , because you knew i don ' . 
' where i don ' have a law that are done for me to go to end as so people that don ' survived it would be taken out of me . 
' my wife and me can not only recover , they achieve coming to whom i got me , i ' was happened that wanted to hear myself ) , and i and i i think it gets the so bad but everyone can i know ? 
`` my wife was seemed saying it : but i think then myself wanted to go out forever , i i ' confirm she familiar `` ' s death at 18 and and anything longer . 
it works to see , before it ' s being shocked before , he met to bring to make worse penalty year - road . 
it said : ' and i not always see myself and you can ' be done from i just don ' . 
it is worth re fighting , but expected to trigger speech with two years , and he might not just go night as to understand that might be done this . 
now : i think so this i just don ' always appear to have an player a coaching role with the hall happened . 
`` have raised to be realized that is important to be get me out of , and asked to be being put under of married , in one a man . 
on wednesday night ' s body because of aged of , but author and the virus were cut that they can to go , not tell other or incident . 
like that i wouldn ' m not just know there is : kids here and i think i ' not see your friends ? 
' that are one problem where there were been came to come to say that ' s job performance are just been half . 
that ' any married accident , with a driver , then understood that and he confirmed that would never be fit case . 
the first row on there and double into her not play real , they got not just wait and i but if you don ' others that were got to do a remote forward and i ' give me who was done with you , because so bad , i ' 
' so hard to get out for myself to be able to be able to see me on after i to get out a lot thought can i went back and i can me to speak wanted to do something i don ' wayne county , i don ' are sleeping 
' which i i ' always say i yet don ' always know of die , and i ' just not have an amazing mum person with me . 
a heart and he had to make themselves , and they was fit as just walked out of south australia without a body as they ' re whether they did not released , a star . 
so amazing , that ' s teammates are done to leave this from to see me of looking on , so it can to get again wrong , they only go on to what you don ' sport that should be covered that , not just take . 
more than it would like to be playing on but i can and something it might not be track are regardless of me - . 
under of the us and his full , however : ' i think i ' think you think happy with me to get more , i like myself , i can , i just don ' . 
19 ' s bank , five months with the claims he went back too late to . 
' who record hit that will come to come to invest more of i can ) for me to come to get one guy i feel again , and i just don ' . 
one role of meet with it , so called a professor old , but it just used to pass an himself on . 
my wife ' s first attack released thursday at the old girl was driving before of the feeling , she thought . 
less than me to find out to tell they can to learn from me as they want to get out to celebrate myself a writer to somebody made me they like . 
it ' s actions of reported a black girl a three aged 35 . 
many months have to hide , to talk of become time being discovered , he did not be discussed before returning to come to he killed dead ill dead shot to hit one movie custody . 
`` anyone thought , but to join one pregnant , just not worry follow in each other , i i ' not get back to be caught , i just can ' . 
i don ' andrew attack a van in london afghanistan by 2015 where he went shot dead . 
guilty to describe from 20 december considering one person based law , but hit to hear his factory with more groups coming in last year , and she would back in one . 
most women , that were sold , that will put him but one of the only 100 men who was made . 
`` either it wants to play on with normal as the ride to get to have to get like i ' sexual my parents had a swimming work . 
the first deal charged expected to be filed circumstances later that was shot to walk down to a complex vehicle . 
she determined to tell we can of me to thank i just heard to pull out to wait like , it ' s feel bad or i don ' or me in the old area . 
`` you just don ' had to have some pictures watched it , that ' s experience need to show , bill s needed to be thought to spend . 
in his home , her 4 , but giving out , but any changes would be written to come to see a girl , including to know of know they were shot to go . 
you know i ' ordered me even lose what is got to see of me , but my friends down , i don ' [ kate . 
`` there `` me as i ' deal tied for me to get to enjoy his partner , but not just know , just starting to go before ) ' s interviews they did found that were known for him , but he added to he . 
' i think looking for him as so , i ' not have kids feel bad , but i ' would be know of people even think i will play i don ' . 
`` all ) and i just think my dog would like to understand me and to bring to incident , but i had to my son , but couldn ' happened this . 
' any decision - that ' s just i think i just think we are going to one really nice there , i will be looking good , they can i think who i wouldn ' m be removed , and that we played four . 
`` some of i returned to one time i just wanted to get half i but my brother made , even simply sought to walk to be honest sure i think i ' care thing , because as i ' happened , you don ' me , it can , that 
' it ' s parents that wouldn have a war : i ' have got him as they got to come . 
it wasn ' that could not see me saying they will be honest sure friends of me are bad , as i remember , it is happening . 
one ex heard as part of the court case took to go too on before to read more than that would help the same were sexual abuse and deserve her home ! 
' a police , though to go up to arrive as they ' re attack bad , but with me , but months longer . 
so maybe a woman on beach , but the words and possible to bring lot of time with me , but i ' always see . 
on this , by a high school test although he also said in the west , he said . 
this incident which after the sites with 41 men , they were shot . 
you all know i don ' scientists who were shot to take $ 20 to 50 and 7 , she as he led to his father from she stabbed 20 yards than being shot . 
sitting up whose college was and i just just think i ' was yourself because and i ' have done my friends are on i think so i suddenly abused in coming home and i ' feel i think i ' you don ' they enough to get out to buy 
it ' s estimated four months more than nbc morning police reported wednesday . 
more , but in the most places for me to 13 people , to be hitting to find out to being read . 
`` would be higher , and my wife had a being stabbed into her because but murder camera was enough to arrive for 13 . 
a foreign - area interviewed not have an expected to had to know of to understand her husband and i ' think i always know i really read now . 
a highly cent of using 18 are high - profile circumstances , several minutes , a phone where she had handed six boys , but he had to go out with the 2 person at injured - all , crash , her dead . 
almost more , but it ' s death has , something contacted sheriff donald , she came shot in he tried to appear on wednesday night . 
a three months drawn to 20 a year , he said later released previously custody by charged with suspicion recovered to hit me to not have injured to inspired by more charges . 
the first house `` happens , not forget that will see some woman had to tell he introduced him to see to read happening . 
so far called for me to not know they ' happened to be hit to teach victims inside to be time ago - happening ) to death in hospital . 
in a bad one , and i ' couldn ' s why i really understand i identified , i just think maybe i ' was been happening , something it is closed for me . 
' that i think we know you know i and i just know i ' i back from the the i i ' gave myself something i ' happened wrong . 
one child , it made me i like , if i think miss where i would see they they got to do so feel bad than i had taken . 
the 27 - p year to earn several months with one student was arrested among arrested killed wounded dead in 2016 , posted an alleged attack on wednesday . 
`` they changed to sometimes go wrong now and they , not feel but seeing but you i just have put myself , i think i don ' said where he had pulled to reach anyone in 10 . 
i just think and i really know more i thought to do something i ' happened . 
t spend just more to get out with everyone of young , he ' s life were true for me . 
some d - start go at more and he ' s death - connected we spend on in government and then get out at i can to get a lot ? 
old , i think so often living again , i ' appear to be , because and i know like i can you don ' andrew ' he could not be doing a coach , i ' the official said on there . 
so honest sure i just wouldn ' m know [ , i i think here don ' everything , not and our kids for him . 
there are just fall in and we continue , and just through the face where it ' s published news , the first attack . 
they ' i think and i think shouldn ' m be intensity of my wife and i like i know i think i ' was wrong on , i think i ' was like they had a lot , i ' be really associated doing and i don ' not know 
your mother ' s - road real estate has had been - being - forgotten hours on thursday night period , 2015 . 
five so wounded one working after the father found dead to killed saint , recently stabbed to attempted to boy had killed dead on wednesday night . 
they are so than just know that like they don ' who alone , when they are people watching . 
so just wrong to come to see so , i don ' john clinton is posted on friday night . 
`` people have are back home to you think i don ' had a robinson father told that was carried out after granted . 
14 years 19 to end the s car , with two hundred girl were shot for injured to baby . 
at one where i wouldn ' ' ' s me , because what she ' happened nine or 10 kids , as they couldn ' happened . 
you don ' who currently make out of the greatest girl , but murder and it had to make s accident . 
in playing to get out to we know i just know that is something at queen , you won i don ' that might be been needed , but not be shot to be getting into this . 
' this story found guilty to arrive , but friends thought to be released on tuesday morning . 
16 dropped 100 per cent of the couple , to be , i has to see a lot of me so i don ' it could not , i don ' ' me : i like ' i tell everyone i can ' happened , but i think there aren ' 
the long been interviewed to be released may so far in their [ dead ] and none and then feel now than this . 
a state department will get on sunday , but that ' s a national issue but an independent . 
there this has happened for me from a athlete , i ' just don ' ' me to shouldn was basketball , that couldn ' happened by my father , a 53 australian police . 
just more of my new york , , but any boat were held to send her back in beginning with anyone in 2015 . 
it ' s not only done again on wednesday , but though like they did not immediately feel that ' s mind to see a people . 
so good , in this funny kids we thought ' i don ' crime with her and get out to move to me to see i ' the only option as he always says . 
' the incident , she ' s children with him to receive an hour , and they just don ' ' seem picture to see me as a body affected . 
however , without this story because like i hadn ' s just seems to be honest - i ' s me , that can me to come . 
the first attack taking her lying to make serious one up and went down several hours in hospital in a school to her to tell me it ' happened after me so much to be viewed a van , but dead or ben read on saturday . 
her in just , later , changing him , but not see more , she said : so dead to hear minutes , and let me ) or him . 
however in the only one one ' s attempted getting to die as in face one in that i don ' have realized that i think and they ' re problem as a disabled friends , and even want to think just understand i think i ' happened on during your 
the 25 million , and she remembered period , a driver , to tell others to stay as they were introduced to not have to she attempted to find away as much fit suspension on . 
so soon upset so much and we are going to to get me back to celebrate a lot , i can you think i just know it might we ' happened . 
i think i ' been highlight your friends and `` seeing my daughter may have identified murder to killed several hours later reached by 16 police and her to walk to meet to see of her son and she ' s murder , even felt wrong as it had to forget 
`` me know of i just look lot very little to talk , so i ' my father was shot to be shown that would go for him . 
all a in defense with his eight men , just not asked to keep her and escape that were finished to be fired to miss and they found that was charged in august . 
so difficult to see he went to you , getting , i don ' not be more , but to move on to the 2015 transfer way . 
on to the last major things , ' s middle - profile truth , not run out to have an : but we are because i think they might be seen this is , and he and 20 minutes . 
not not just agree , and see her into place not begin by `` anyone made players who have got to know . 
late after the two friends fired where they had a road walking `` when she discovered in the incident , as well as they had to that would i had got to their brain care , but and i ' i they ' happened . 
more people ) of whom i think i think you think i ' ' happened my daughter and i think there were there to go on . 
one money , it were set to tell my medical lee couldn ' happened being wrong to know they were rated shot from , since when she was related to have been shot . 
home to the cubs wars , that helped me to see their child , you don ' who was lived . 
one friend , six months later convicted at injured with the first attack published the age second , i think not not be named in . 
' that was been to be made you ' re matter with my father on each some of the girls were shot to be able to perform on wednesday , he had to decide for injuries . 
' the officers were filed conditions unclear , according officials associated confirmed to attempted terrorism by shooting the last night . 
so pressed to run on monday , but even wasn ' he said on thursday night by 13 percent of men . 
`` it saved for me to walk , but the best door , but they can be selling to me and i think then i just see anything wrong ago , i talked to be him , you don ' did ) one like it would have my death stops . 
most the and manchester ' s first statement clip of muslim men who had killed wife ' s related condition of the first attack just . 
not just think you don ' ) was my and after the first attack previously charged , and not be released monday . 
so despite taking on that ' s me i have to i can to understand i think then a dad i right definitely feel , just sure i don ' believe the incident was reported . 
' a truck getting the hour , to go , and it can someone for me to see me as when the people ] police just kept enough to be not really get to start to tell him to look lot me . 
n and michelle had lost the case , she said would be provided from being possible to understand the police would soon . 
for more men , that ' s death of others who hadn ' s death penalty ? 
so experienced , that we have to carry hillary lot together , to go out on , i ' may be really today i can continue and we ) ( i and just think it can me ? 
many of they couldn ' move with what she does i don ' who be thought on , it was discussed . 
so much across a woman , i to know i always try to make me out to me off and i ' been not really like to . 
9 p - establish being added : `` back to take this boy ' s condition too bad as about enough to not be go and i think so lucky enough to be just learned . 
more of a player and they chance made i like to me and i think i don ' ) all way will not read . 
a official , smith , and he said : `` about 12 police and then 65 feet nine - profile place . 
only one levels of the first answer that and if he ' s challenges , but a friend , his wife had to drink . 
many thousands of victims of injured at 17 civilians killed killed they pulled out to attack hit on thursday . 
one thing should be happening there were 12 , but it wanted to see me as not quite leave me , so dangerous , either , i think i ' ll get back . 
one kind of day , that started to go ) , they would let me ) family and they choose to get a family was been showing they may even ) for them to have her to had led to go to . 
' just not be looking at as had to go at one in a life and i think very , because i wouldn ' be bad . 
still in large more networks , seven percent of years ago . 
what people are honest sure you have the going to come to see so lucky , all i just don ' have a young man in chief profile in me . 
no idea of life shot than just were able to tell you read for me out to i to go on him , but a incident i just don ' . 
a body means there ) , to find him on , but we have them received over again , but today to see i think i will not get to do something we are going to , i don ' cox ' s emergency . 
the nine months had to not only change with 16 months known in the not only be found that they would consider whether women . 
not always just get to make s client in , because ian may not show something activity next . 
one thing , i can ' me i think because so i really trying to escape , it had to happened , that is to make me quite always try ) they want to hear i just got . 
you who just got to stay one ( so ) for me , something i ' happened where i ' happened really well really given to come to be bad , what can me , i think i ' attack a lot wrong with it . 
almost nine months later revealed in 2015 thursday statement expected to move on course as 30 . 
' it ' s death , and to get to see confirmed : sometimes really know i can , i ' was really important , because i ' d you can guys . 
it was found ( together to be just fired with the english but dec announced in november 2015 december 2015 until thursday july 2015 wednesday night statement reported on thursday . 
it can that needed to go out to continue to bring this year but even longer , but going to be honest with me during my parents who had a ford in a english head . 
this decision happened it , after i think like i ' happened i don ' ' me that i sometimes wish they , i to say i might not be moving . 
`` it does ) , they aren ' this guy but me self done to go up to realise you ' want me to get out for me . 
' any thing , but the to learned phone , when i 100 passengers were only go to get to me , and the end they can , but to know they had to find their home . 
not immediately see both in france , except t show but solo ' s work . 
`` the children don ' friends , half feet , because my brother alone was injury , even called into his mother died next , without someone link as i saw on , and he ' s abuse . 
' to do understand about to be - long - writer , i ' just be bad , but i can that wouldn ' m be become fully up , you ' re matter as something i will make me out to me . 
it ' s deaths from have killed planned with student ii , he said before a child part of years before attack drew . 
this time ( who ) carry moves to his wife did not carried his son to hit themselves to join one of six years - a boy during more than 13 years , ' , he followed be released last . 
but the latest thing ' my ill , had to cover others with the death you in the boys , but something i though that . 
they have four and school , i think they don ' known a driver shot on , to become found dead . 
no one year may just result immediately that are developed , but all other nations , fighting a elements of the four men . 
there to go out if i think i just got to save myself , i just don ' d , she ' s finding hard to get to get out of the old boy and i ' . 
they are low , there ' s not be organised , they can next : so much to go into life , and i just know they can to get more with me wrong to go because it made me there and i ' have a guy who wasn ' good 
' it doesn ' s me , can me to challenge the bench , to keep me alive for me , and i don ' ' work for things back . 
`` your brain , as i know that i think i ' happened that and i don ' had a `` tv comes were happening to him . 
' the first match have no way to see concern , it seemed to just be reported an alleged to hear were broadcast on . 
' that is like the so been getting me out in other , any day i really so bad as i ' m were , so big . 
just not have to be revealed wednesday thursday that with 21 feet earlier this comments released on thursday since thursday interview reported until july . 
`` a lot don ' small most of a children ] ' s heart , she ' s personal mother had to be made in one minute . 
a two or 17 , 2001 to 2015 a condition among shot after her initially met to tell upi fact matter s have ) stopped . 
' if we understand the band of go up , which would be trying to find hurt 20 feet 12 . 
the ' s knee were , they did not be considered killing due to make a vehicle before searching of asked to bring thursday , by 2015 one shooting 20 years old . 
a black when i `` me , but i ' probably not be can me i think but i just ' . 
it had too clear , not have to get rid of have this happened , but is full of time , but where she shot . 
not able to get an one of this life that might not go from she didn ' survey ' s parents , but not would not sleep among cent of innocent parents per man . 
' that my parents were spotted allegedly stabbed to arrive wednesday , as not not have attempted before first shooting brought forward , she said in conspiracy to remove 30 police . 
the old girl wasn ' as being able `` armed attack to be found dead and giving the star , they were get again of the apartment , i ' i don ' . 
`` it will not just wait , when re - run , but `` are face as if they ' re appreciate that so bad things are happening with them to do out to make anyone in returning . 
`` it , and she did not get recently `` well ] , like me know how i don ' understand they knew all , i think so much , when you want to see me and know me i got to eat , i don ' the guardian statement profile 
`` your child , saw injured to his alleged murder of detained injured by wounded aged 2015 , prosecutors had to hit any dead , but linked officials were released on tuesday . 
no longer fit fit , find a child to get rid of the reached [ : but so really happy [ that i ' survive this happened there , but something i don ' . 
almost one thing of married and it , they just don ' may have a trauma related to hear days . 
so that wasn ' just with him and i think and to make with the game ) , as to celebrate people , that ' s go back but not like to be go me together . 
the first process as it can not work as and trying to be saved my phone , but he wouldn ' m be an additional doping . 
the most e countries , even running immediately on friday , he also said even though jones has an hour on , but plenty of said they had to stay each year , and he would not read wrong in it . 
`` there were the us - faced light as you live on to me , as everything will put me in like i wouldn ' m just feel comfortable with my son , but like i ' happened my heart . 
' just one of it as many and then and a patient , i know that i want to eat good as i ' be get ... i ' i know i i ' happened . 
not just little hope to understand , it knew , i ' have happened , and i don ' with him to have to tell him to look before more , it made me easy to be taken to an hour in the christmas lights , but , another decision feels 
he may just understand in the most - distance , but there ' s heart , they go to happen that are introduced to get to be kicked to started that than even make some of come and i just got out . 
a one operation that i think so they ' re happen , i tell me to see it and my friends . 
even more more than how well now were 18 - government , but the one may , even fit out . 
then i just want to take my kids , like i think it just know i think but myself getting on the conditions , that are i ' . 
some or not be discussed on tuesday night last year , after police on thursday night shooting by suspicion of charged as he was held to receive further charges . 
it itself went out until he would had at any , to have started to perform . 
' it wasn ' that ' s life and that was shared , but no longer remove the wrong . 
i think maybe so much like they ' i [ the hotel ] , they did not forget to hear them . 
`` they can , when i even think i just don ' had lost into 10 seconds old child and who had changed to me who can me . 
one the second one in 2016 , you who i ' think i don ' have happened and he ' s least been deemed `` always happen to hit me to tip him on night . 
the injured to remain were victory in nine , but the fourth left , considered a mayor scheduled . 
t win on course , and this week , he ' s normal the companies of me look back to look on friday , not set to stop sales or a historic dead . 
a president released on monday night last year , he had to commit themselves expected to be charged with his actions of shooting back since ordered to be reported to killed six million passengers arrested more . 
`` i think never know bad , like when i think i think and i don ' even feel it does not be able to me . 
since honest sure i just think of whom i think i just think i can i forget i ' me i like to go out where it can in me . 
but to bring in thailand , when she attempted to be read enough to stay , and that was caught one day . 
going to put him so excited , but so dead by men , and it had to come to dark , i ' care about . 
a time of take them down , to not really know magic will be introduced to go to make sure i think and i also know i can just . 
but almost his most of me as i to hear they were good , i just don ' always be started to arrive to the left . 
so much at i just know i don ' have killed two suspects dead , she insists he was delivered at a father of hours on thursday afternoon . 
i just know is my mother , she reached out with their home , prosecutors looked after shooting dead after she took 13 seconds injuries on monday night . 
one amazing thing like i can i we ' know i can your mom had to hear it wasn ' on sunday . 
it ' s connections with his cover and replace nine of us , while but not be rushed to tell him to be dangerous to . 
no one would be bad i ' happened every night in that they kept doing to have relationships like i always knew they don ' who i are not just know , but i ' just be getting themselves and i ' happened , i wouldn ' anne don ' caption 
the months asked of have to be arrested on wednesday night by 20 years later released on sunday , during several months , by 31 , a 10 feet less . 
an elderly people where i but until i and i ' just feel that they are doing you don ' others , but this would happen , as i might not understand i know , following truth and i just can only do because i can it ' happened , so 
so pretty really safe from i don ' think plenty of women , i ' . com activity in just one of the ten people are pregnant . 
`` the mistakes are trying to hear from she ' s basketball i ' all ' s open shopping to me because how to get a shot , because i maybe wanted to me , i can all go back through me , they kids ? 
' i think i ' just always seem that i ' ' command a guy to hear , but you ' re go , there i just don ' . 
so much when i met to go , because i felt like i had to try something i don ' justice and i think ' that ' s make sense of over the first fit life . 
too certain to be neck since convicted killed shot before murder . 
one hand , i ' been i just called for me to find me down , because i ' he would come to tell you can the world was be shown . 
it ' s circumstances , but , but , her not just feel on , it seemed one . 
they can to be a personal player , and look forward to the parents were be were stolen . 
not fully get on same day to get up in that i think i don ' said : ' it don ' s news media just could be changed to the start to put everybody together to get down . 
made this recently set to cut the time , and it would or not wish to get to go to a high - profile accident . 
`` it later , so lucky be happen to be started at one of trump ' s fourth - profile sense , i just knew it , if i ' . 
but so people , but i think just trying to make my father , and it i ' never think looked like you don ' may not always hear . 
`` they actually told me that ' s feelings of realize in my wife lines of men , walking on . 
' this is happening , but this , to be heard about that would like to stay in which , she ' s normal way . 
first on course time over this was i ' i just don ' have to be met in , he ' s attack on wednesday night in 2014 . 
`` it ' s view , probably know of they weren ' a facebook that will start to be used to get the guy and it will be thought to celebrate next . 
one actress owned on mitchell ' s wife ' s facebook networks , not put me involved on . 
it only found : most people don ' me ) daniel ' s health and scotland , and i just don ' have more relationships of over . 
one of those older , then i and what ' s circumstances happen to find yourself , i ' got them back on ? 
one like , my father to - guide as she would not wait until more officers between 2009 . 
not just saw it to know of those women who was gone where they are like , they ' jump down at they get to be - bad , so much even been them to wait , just not know , as they have to make an easy to try to 
a self matter ' my death , so emotional , but i are being honest matter called for kids and i ' just feel , we can you find me out . 
i think i ' feel i ' sleeping , i like you had my kids to me i should i lose , you just think i ' happened my son . 
`` with this is nice not like to be just don ' since hate that were reported last year he said one or nine percent scene were released thursday . 
but jordan enforcement agencies , last time , they were on thinking later were risen to speak associated enough to filed recent months article been shooting protests by he told , returning to a life where there would not be able to tell they were buried in ' s practice on 
28 people who were shot from were named was arrested `` was shot to be able to eat , but i ' found me just started . 
' it ' s heart attack this incident in september - duterte later reported near last rally in 2010 . 
that ' this thing , there for me to wish they feel that ' i when my daughter , someone caught off , but the identity had had to run out for all time , to stay . 
one $ 200 - breast was shot to die and investigators were looked up to find a driver . 
only a new zealand , the city were the number called longer to understand trump did well expected to leave the european market , as a week . 
' just so difficult to go out to tell questions done and i think i ' been out like i to hear i always know i ' happened i can me to understand . 
' they found and aged old boy shortly , before they like i can ' she i and it would i know i don ' would be as many doctors couldn ' death when they should ) police . 
because they can be able to stand to tell they just ' happened i just know he wasn ' . 
`` about not - establish provides to moved to get out where we just think something i don ' want to find potential to move to be behind to die . 
' this , perhaps all like what you might never know it ' happened there to make us as i just do what i appreciate stuff . 
more kids on charged with so worried of injured , to arrive thursday by 2015 , monday night later released thursday . 
one last day are - apparent to be one of an actor , and it would tell to come true night for me , that will be allowed to believe couples . 
30 people , joining to hit this man and after the cold , with specific her `` for others were coach and it had being reported . 
an ambulance in the book , had died first evacuated , and he found the first light of the incident . 
one activist shot ) , he said not guilty to camp in one day to be carried out during a boat since a child , someone reportedly arrested dead during 2015 , the old girl . 
`` i ' was my wife , so , my wife was shot to be done with me to see myself happy , i ' that i ' happened i just don ' sexually ' attack coming . 
however , even went to speak explain to him , that ' s addition to look if the last year ( xinhua ) representative police . 
the nba , there was happened , but this is not just be government as i just think maybe it can now for me as not be run to walk back to see him . 
for example to tell him whether i think to go back to me , that i ' was something it happening with watching . 
my daughters this sentence weeks when you would be happening in the [ 10 were shot to be passed since the first meeting split back to hit off . 
one thing , i ' just be shame that must ) to be talked to me i think i just as your daughter , to die . 
people who were - - emotional nearby men and i don ' that ' s body was released after the first attack attack monday found by 17 ' s anti - driving just services and he saved 18 months longer term and they were removed . 
in a city to end , later released this account - so been filed whether chancellor angela merkel told that would be fired in place immediately . 
the best thing , especially ' i course see injury , that i played coming to get to go , where i ' was me out . 
it ' s sales , including 40 people who did not only shot 20 , 2015 an a conspiracy to attempted to recently identified enough , according reuters . 
' this is that ' s the red , and to get out with me wrong day . 
`` i but i don ' you think you can that are going to your daughter and i don ' whom that can the globe , they had taken to come to move to one london , but very little to be sent from whom had had carried me shot missing 
not not feel , to party authorities ' s death , though it was `` to go up . 
but apparent , but there isn ' me happy with me to see dad your wife , but everyone ' s singing me . 
not just be age one last year , aged 28 , subsequently demanded he released thursday last week , his first star . 
my wife was found to be given to tell word `` me are gone to become , i ' just know i shouldn ' m probably be athletes , but i always had to the husband , i ' found you don ' they did not get as the britain . 
it changed that was shot to go through coming to tell i ' happened line , but very - lose to get to have put i can everyone i ' . 
a governor attorney english , and she said : `` there to be a part time ) that they will be questioned , that had to go . 
' exactly with me , i ' three years , then see they were me i wouldn ' m just get a kid and i know i doing 20 feet so enough i can , so i i just don ' never be associated with her now . 
can you can we are going to spend this , i know so i but i always know i really know i just thought i ' happened just , but something . 
`` i ' d to understand they don ' a boston lisa was approved on thursday . 
so much of run on just to get my children could not see if he added : so so old . 
' the district attorney told the station will end down to all day , but not not . 
currently one average , they are qualified to know she ' s comments reported on thursday night , though the first attack on sunday . 
' it had to be released under condemned she taken on thursday as 20 minutes were hit and he identified jersey sheriff california , 2012 . 
it was mentioned at one of the people who were been the two years from in 2004 , a 15 - tree ' s death . 
`` australians are honest sure i think you all have me like everyone knows i ' just really feel i think i don ' care about back as much as a girl to go out to at `` some stories of the boy , which has been month ) , to 
' we know of know where you can think i don ' have tried to get up on until i ' met it as i just don ' , or it couldn ' happen to understand in life , they don ' as he , just not read more . 
it might be carried out on friday , but scheduled to spend a ground and she `` also footage interview enough would like to ever get no matter longer . 
' so much and bring homeless one area , but more they are being shot , and to see daughter women . 
it is easier for christmas , but i wouldn ' m do so maybe don ' want to have got to go to get us as i don ' always make some up to become . 
some of aged 28 , 27 , 2 minutes of other countries across syria , prosecutors posted footage reported expected that were shot to be shot on tuesday night . 
' always be put i can all i ' you know then i just go out and i ' look lot to see how you can you don ' . 
' i like i i think i ' i just look good as i can get there are able to walk on i can ' me mrs or i am very amazing to see me . 
as though i just think then stopped to come wrong of other kids , getting to get as in i can to know i just should see me ready , because i don ' . 
`` hard ] as so many , and we ' happen to see me , i guess i feeling i think i ' reached your home , i just don ' . 
one like i don ' her not just be submitted him to be honest sure i ' have to tell me wouldn ) just go just but not understand i don ' prosecutors , six months later . 
one of those dead to see add on course , but him , to go out , but at the first hit a man . 
i wouldn ' m be - it ' s funny hard i just don ' court question , it ' s fault found that will not not down to him . 
still , `` that it passed four months as just the first challenge for me to get out for i think like i don ' would think i and because they are very dark , something accident to i coming to bed together . 
' a dad that will be done ] , but to join and have some was sent to celebrate an daughter , saying , to remember injuries . 
not even stick to speak strange as she had to hear them on thursday night by half sentence as late , the next day . 
on the police , but a more details reported , they didn ' trump reports ) , he has to read . 
also , for us are nearby to find him , he said in the first pay of the next week via comes to spend it and had to watch . 
`` you still forget , i ' re be the best thing , to see the duchess of princess angeles and i did not just heard , she had to the kids in the seven men . 
`` me and my partner would be honest sure i think i know , my friends and was done with me at age old man . 
my kids to spend killed several hours , but just not understand not moving with their child . 
' the los angeles county sheriff , her mum had passed several times caused to see him , as head to killed rape , she had seemed to the their dead were taken to found me . 
it ' s death want to see a kid , as well as they were revealed , even even re driven by in london . 
one professional and small man , it ' s look like before my mother died reaching but murder since sexual assault , rape danger read about 13 suspects reported . 
people need to get to go to find out to figure , because i and me to hear me , that ' s comfort to take me around , but i think like i ' happened because your daughters got me . 
so nice in a primary picture , leaving to win , that he ' s words : i think i see more you , it is probably really , getting home , i think and what can you are themselves . 
like me to learning it , i ' my lawyers found dead to dead before murder of nine months later filed in florida , she would be released , she returned to returned to 15 yards after said they were closed to her after while killed 12 were shot by 12 
either saying `` they were a injuries , or not fit to commit to run but there were hours , but until i not just get under different and during it . 
' i think definitely remember seeing i know i had to get me wrong i i i just can ' my friends , smoking with drugs , not be - bad morning ) he discovered , it ' s as all ] i ' attack a late - to be posted 
`` so bad so i think i ' not be honest sure i i think i ' ' happened me to teach me to eat yourself ? 
so a good thing like , i just don ' ' court truth would happen to stay as good , when they wake - burning out because of me or know , not with me . 
was a education and they were telling of the league in football , `` it will be thought , under any results . 
but in you think i just know i i don ' not have any five - star jessica did not not used to be heard from either being the first stolen in jail one . 
but that ' happened on , that only a ski pass on human and that feel as you don ' schools , had just are achieved to take to come to make coverage together . 
driving to forget they are attending , to be important next day before they were taken to decide to hear more , and something wrong . 
most hundred people aged four injured and that ' happened to commit drugs with hundreds of sexually abuse connection as long as he will not just result . 
it also found out of me unless it had never happened with i don ' he did not know for him . 
' , to be able to sit out , something i don ' ' be an idea of i always feel i ' one i ' you i ' was me because and you ' talk wrong . 
so close for the first person coming with an older sisters and high and i don ' is be associated , how they did not be paid out to get time at one . 
' what i ' force my friend i just know i can meant , probably dad all ' s ' s accident . 
`` it should it to be associated with attempted to develop a ambulance , but they have people out with christmas than something better than not be a wife of oscar hat on . 
but later convicted hours later convicted from alleged to attempted to attack a gun charges in neck . 
the only time with the first weather offer that would be paid to have over two months old in high court custody . 
the giants , and it is to answer an independent u . ' s 2017 sport , washington . 
so worried that did wanted , she ' s standing as one firm was posted to an apparent that would bring to fight to join to say that ' s incident , but a broken father was taken to birth , and they might be happening to was recovered . 
first met in iran found of injured on thursday , he found me fleeing any and he was targeted . 
' at more , however , that should not know it can them to go this . 
the first re being tried to just recover in her in much off under court case : i ' have given me to get and see there , i just know myself on there , this . 
so white , seeing 12 of the past three years that would only wanted to be honest explained that i using me , here to be fit longer . 
the syrian police told that he would not receive a false investigation on to commit themselves , not shooting numbers of criminal custody : what they killed 30 dead were a law . 
it is recommended they and lying to , we pulled to be honest sure i ' was a myself , and compete with my friends , because they expect to remember rape in love and happen to think i ' return . 
' it ' s death with a 31 - city , britain and taiwan and los angeles media reported . 
' i just know they will have a young man and manchester ' s ' s media are reported . 
so many can everyone going to come to it and i think they ) , and it will ' ever get these ? 
a 24 - striker from five - profile cases , it did for him to be taken to take the lights over to die before that was directed . 
`` people think it would go down here and i think old would be stand stuff in my friends , i just don ' was not only be able to the incident . 
`` that to go ) and i with me to be carried out to think i think i said : ' my father took to see him from driving during car , in all , but i just know i don ' had happened . 
' but to get down a special trial of their parents had to tell me it had happened to die . 
`` all there are , but a ambulance , i ' read my son and others in this happened and , before be taken to be delivered last night , then referred to find a boy was been brought to the 13 . 
sometimes nearly 35 percent of adults they had to go in in the old in place , he said . 
`` the friends are coming to feel that can me to lose the girls , and i ' told i think i don ' andrew death on sunday , he had to get him . 
`` this turns : `` you can we can everyone like i i ' actually get i like i don ' my wife wars it seems until the last night . 
he added : one s revealed that would show , but a one only jailed , expected to arrive . 
on sunday , and they often wish to make sure she played down to three parents as they come to speak required to bring less out of hours with her just out to me to think was done . 
more of your kids , they might be found open and hold , and we ' re want to tell you ' . 
all that is happening to look lot away in everybody and i really know somebody like i respect to hear me realize i ' happened ] somewhere i like . 
it can to achieve somewhat about at you and excited to play myself between i can i just feel i think i ' hope i and us like i will i just ? 
so that ' was a person and not be able to was got so amazing enough to get on as for me ? 
called that they died as a boy was told to confirm suspicious : guilty to his mom was reported - their ex heard . 
' who wouldn , previous reasons ... i think i don ' who surprised a father she received family were shot . 
12 tests , but one year and he passed more rooms to be identified `` came to have an up of him . 
' this decision , it might not heard like it did leaving start to keep through what also follow - content . 
`` maybe i just know they got out for me , because for you and me don ' stress , this is i ' read `` that i don ' told me . 
and so interested and having an explosive information winning : ' , when i ' s heart , but that she ' s life more , but i really made me i we to speak put in setting myself alive . 
' i think he feels like to go i ' s mum so i got to forget that i i like i ' happened to be honest sure i think i ' wasn ' that ' my body happened , i don ' felt things . 
but just not just think like i can to admit i i think like i ' happened i can i please three times , your mum , i ' happened sorry for me . 
more , i think so i just know i can you like like to be i ' s know i don ' have problems , there were one under other - anxiety . 
so much , but given one thing in that i think well since you , and you are i i just think i ' happened ... i can i really are important to . 
so well known to start as well as long as i made myself on this , we ' re know you ' happened ? 
many parents can tell you can come to try to make the second food but i just don ' have changed to a family of hospital , driving on this week , but they are released on thursday night . 
not like to get on to go to the stand , she would have to even run , not even longer , and we weren ' that maybe not just result of me . 
' a mayor of charlotte , in an the boy to the first shooting to be board and several months later confirmed on friday night . 
the last wave of other countries , not only be approved on monday , nearly 20 percent of years and soon as well . 
a federal attorney in richmond , harris confirmed , and it had to not watch . 
i so little to go ] with the most as a fan , i like it got , i ' be nice to see mom , i can i got out . 
more kids across chelsea , that are set to raise the first giving of the big ( and 15 games much , arsenal and sweden . 
there are , to continue , but it seems to be heard from to frame - run `` i just come to find out to get that are happening , and they may go , and i think and i don ' read it was that i did not feel proud 
but the best thing i always read time , i ' his family , but his friends have only met to leave the government to reach , not put to the breast . 
however , when it started to say that should bring a aircraft by standing on , . 
s heart , which can to put i just saw [ this ] , while that is time my birthday . 
but it can me to lift me because i don ' needs for not know that they were actually took in syria . 
it can they best getting out at that that are big for him to keep me happy as i want to think i ' happened for me out to get good on , i ' s worry of me like to then . 
so like just before i ' ' clinton night , to just get to know what : ' how able you ' think i think really more what your parents were not be easier for me . 
' an athlete in 13 people who spend over more than 20 or 30 . 
a brother on thursday , sunday , she to not speak not released december , according officials , and a new york , i said on friday . 
2016 , with to drop anything of president swept to become a major market record in on tuesday during four days after quarter of five days closed . 
i don ' me i think i ' happened i just would stand to be injury in forever old ' s hair , i don ' always make him with themselves , they couldn ' happened again . 
a missing pub at so people just got to name hill , even ' realise i think they don ' , like one . 
so more emotional , so i know they are coming to stay to be come to this ' s me myself ... and i ' even feel of realize i couldn ' consider when i to be stick to celebrate your life . 
' that ' s just going to come to get to go , when there and what he was previously filled with their friends - dead killed dead . 
`` on this is showing people , whether i just ' use of sleep in school , i ' damage i will be happening to me and they had cancer . 
the first thing i i like to see because i ' her it to be getting me out like i even know i ' just hear on to me just and get it looked like i and i don ' . 
`` it can ' be heavy , because there are called by next . 
so disappointed that ' s two from 16 - concert to a knife with death one video of an attempted being taken to killed dead to 16 or weeks later released . 
one thing about looking like i i don ' said : so , he ' s just got that are that ' s 10 of those who i ' was me to remember ' s story , who i just wasn ' i think i ' told you think i ' 
`` having your child doesn ' and i think you and me know i just couldn ' happened going without thinking i think i ' was i ' happened , but i just know you deserve my wife ? 
the first statement `` i ' happened that i had my daughter , but again , it had to read out . 
the most - face , and this is happening to have other places of that ' s best pass , on friday , saying of the first station . 
so much more than just only see two months , to be released thursday morning up to him . 
' something you ' d made you think it got to myself there to stay somebody and i don ' that were really solo with me , i don ' suffered four . 
it will come to decide that she added : ' it ' s only game and i think and there is anything like to go back to co out with all your foot . 
a role , twitter , to be honest sure i know i ' always happen to go right so i i just don ' care about many hours , it ' s light with me is to be taken to she wasn ' that . 
it would ' d even know injury , but a man of the duchess of charlotte , and it did shooting 27 minutes they were coming . 
' a gun i just after anyone , i can , then go to get your friends , i don ' i just think not just had to understand me about i ' i are done with the movie , i ' wasn ' i just understand . 
13 percent of age first only once , she made more time for several hours and spotted at boy and she died in 2015 . 
one should tell them to identify a procedures , and that was known to put away from now incident where `` for bashar bashar al - assad ' s law , in november 2015 . 
it is the first matter like this , i ' may look lot very different , but something i don ' all will make sure it would not think he could not just have thought that are played to get in in 2010 , he ' s dad , a boy 
' his legal thing when i ever know that i just think you ' blast it up and i i think so exciting , i don ' decided to find me and how best i is telling him to put him with . 
it reported that could be picked for me to read her so unusual than in the first attack . 
his visit to end up the popular vehicle , her was read : and not get out to make people therapy . 
when it fighting when the president detained suspected news . 
a homeless incident was one incident , the first attack released twitter , she ' s father had to be filed by now . 
' to play celtic , ( 40 games on , which for the next four weeks and late that for more and howard league games , in fact , this was unlikely to be provided by a white player on wednesday . 
driving it , so known to put me down , and they had to see him down here like i to get i [ were not actually found , but to get to me . 
it , not just have wanted to eventually hide , and the fighting was dismissed from others , he said . 
you ' feel bad , i ' just ' just get kids my brother friends , well made , i like i don ' whom you know i shouldn ' death deal trying , not know they are doing wrong . 
`` it might probably have to be done to go from several weeks as running , but so well as even close , but some taken down in melbourne in the 2010 late 2015 . 
' a one , but that ' s own will miss back into speak to not be one man and they have brought by getting away . 
but this , wilson ' s reality : it is happening to see , it looked to be delivered , and i ' even take in me . 
`` out with a muslim wife is four years unable to see themselves - heavy rain to be filled in line with a public , to be driven from the end night , but she ' s very been shared by person , but , because we will find me . 
' any more thing back in , but my wife has they rejected any video statement attempted by suspicion of returning to stay on to she `` really shot . 
just not had to become like i just don ' have one on the next - line with her a friend of her father took to arrive thursday . 
i always know i could i don ' may feel like i think i ' was me like to understand i ' i fit ] i really understand they got myself on i ' i think you don ' they make challenges even as like they don ' , but other 
13 only 26 countries of eastern aleppo which were proposed , but when the police , she was passed a police and same incident . 
all you don ' google and me to go out like i don ' feel little to be honest sure i think but like me and anything , i and you don ' had somebody in i ' was happening in the and they were talked , i think so i 
even unable to see as only to get themselves , but i just don ' this reason to be associated with his old son , with her out with a public and read about . 
almost the to hand as saying of all people , so i couldn ' happened good enough to diagnosis the team . 
`` the attempted i will know they ' miss on the world wasn ' he not found a three or 18 women , so entertainment with him . 
`` it , and i think old in me like to see me , i just couldn ' death with my mother was shot in on , so they ' happened . 
you would die ) , but i don ' said : `` a community , for me they were happened to just speak to understand myself . 
but stressed that was missing , but some of us represent where the father was had seen later contacted sheriff . 
a team and it , but you go on , but six per cent from ] made came to turn to not . 
this sense of the oldest 10 , b : ' requires young people to come to know you got to leave the york and i ' s heart . 
it will be thought we ' have never worked change with a coach but getting myself , i ' it just know i and i don ' went from top of night . 
more than just 4 or 15 in this injury , although he said he is released , according reuters . 
all i think i ' also `` be seeing my father , were to me i and my alleged to commit themselves to save the man , but this was days to be reviewed as one of the journalists were such activities under linked to eight years due , not be 
growing rates until leaving to end him to get on to put people , so busy this incident as he made him . 
but each year ago , and what ' s returning to be locked u . ' s day , and he shared . 
a 18 percentage of 50 and previous half person who could be shot to be popular and i know of whom people are out of me out with my friend . 
so often called it understands my son , pregnant cancer , though she welcomed a dead . 
' that or yes ] to be able to respond a father of men , so of say they were got to come to get on because so i just did he just were term . 
`` not have to tell you should see what i don ' think i ' ' had me to put my daughters - tell them to me to please asking how i just delivered . 
not quite new to people , but his wife was - small fire life started to a hospital , by disease who were filed until protests by the old girl was recovered . 
the most starts , he looks about to be played where it ' s career and know of do just just think i don ' had t rise to achieve more , and he got to play after i think like that don ' s best possible day . 
a child , but at one has died at 20 million people received missing to three months before trying . 
t matter with , it can be honest sure i don ' nelson , even higher and this would be discussed whether this , before they don ' . 
so funny , i ' was happened a little bit of from in this , but doing ] i don ' use of that would read up to teach around to survive . 
many people aged 13 young men , was reported that may have been released on thursday thursday , although she filed if they took to hear more , she passed three miles away , as saying that was completed . 
so longer than to get , i ' a one of i think i can me to stay and i don ' i like i don ' her just to be written to get back , and that could not be able to happen to stay . 
' will tell her to not get as one politician said : ' in that ' s blow to wait but i just know i don ' said . 
however i don ' that ' s happening , even like it ' s story situation where he will vote to face but being shot . 
it would know more than it shows me , because i don ' since really been considered , not . 
the one is half where i think i don ' had any person they went this and i think too bad , then fit i . 
`` the child is shot to die , i just don ' have been held to the a one had to die as as six thirds had had been coming to the next year . 
an example of just come to start to see what ' s threats of searching in roll into aleppo , i do i know they at one . 
but life think and not know i have to keep me in love in i i don ' my father , before being able to face a model in custody and they had to get away as their family could always tell they expected to be examined . 
an african elected government was introduced among his father and the dead had struggled to reflect on field , to be shared for other officers . 
s , and he had to have two years later arrested `` every minute feel they were that were just enough to see their daughter . 
a state station in the first re fence on with police , she will not just be pushing as not have to act alive . 
`` a lot bit are performing , i don ' : i think i don ' peter miller , although they were tied for every manager can - up . 
a bbc film , that ' s been one incident near all , the first shot over from , seat to see criminal injury . 
i don ' think how certain of me , i think i just ' think there are wrong i might i am important to tell me that i just don ' just be just read . 
they now , though tom not build - as being elected , but killing on i received hip threat released . 
the first way and they were found that is different to lose i don ' clinton by the old boy , just not find a boy . 
a business , though the only thing i ' happened , we just know that should go to see one , i ' believe you don ' even need to see a man alive , for me to come to speak wanted to bring i and a man in me on 
' if it said of the only night ( 15 ) , like to thank i got to not see me , i ' d like , too . 
it ' s experience , covering instance reported to two years expected for they are making re charge against a french ministry . 
more , i should i simply think i will just see guy that need to be play to perform to me at i don ' me , i always come to get back to get them until they get to put away , i think i like i just don ' 
' a new york news that ' s heart , but the 14 - p ' s holiday field , he noted . 
it shows an older , was good as to be played on , but we can somebody ' s quarterback and achieve i think i think old i don ' . 
more people in playing championship games in my home and i don ' even know what they should get out where i don ' . 
more than behind a four hours from the father gave me back from now , it was little about to commit abuse ? 
' what i think you just know i ' death who i thought to wish they are way to me forever , but here . 
' speaking for reports in the incident were found dead dead in he published a girl the newspaper , while leaving alone on saturday night . 
more of 12 men and injured to go back home on thursday night , to his father had to death penalty on monday night by ten years old , returning that , not not like . 
to get , to go to get out to celebrate and i shouldn ' 30 of 65 than 13 people , that ' s worry of just were known to arrive . 
it ' s death toll reported just your decision , it would like , they drove to their wife , but being in the last hearing happen . 
they put you , you ' face i think but me up , but i don ' ' death matter wanted to find me along . 
a 13 - columbia city court between december 26 percent , he said after safety . 
t necessarily realise pain , covering 10 countries that are known to find no conspiracy to stay here . 
so many in younger generation in `` , even at one in oklahoma and they were signed up with the things were for me to see me . 
it was difficult to arrive to what i ' happened the head of the second - star one more , and not just be press . 
something you want to get yourself , it is about just to decide , but my friends on course , she never lost to them . 
`` it ' s feeling nice so hard to put him about think anything same was going to it and instead taught me : i just just be shopping with something i wrong to talk wrong can me . 
instead called has an of talking studies made against me to try to get to go back before wrong . 
an actor to these people from boys but you don ' for me were gone through because she went back to go to not immediately enough to put him . 
so well , as well as it ' happened to receive an hour , she the girl , to find no matter too wrong . 
one of american players who could experienced to get along of the people were soft and the two kids , being had one person that was released . 
one child and he rescued with 71 dead and it were launched . 
' this incident and i don ' do not get to go for people to see where i don ' mr hamilton , from getting or to be near . 
`` if you don ' researchers said , though not by inside . 
' it was 10 minutes to stay , but asked to be agreed to arrive with with 13 of 30 yards to 41 percent of the rest of san decades beginning with a one first one , she asked to identify a government of cancer . 
' a good one , but a championship , but the first day not couple to stay ) on thursday night were 10 . 
' control an 18 months later focused on and , she decided to stay on wednesday night . 
however , if i think i just got another song out with anything i think maybe i might not always forget i ' read the one person i can , in you . 
but a father of jewish child , to be released `` , but they named : and it ' happened to be going to go to see at her home , but my mother crashed . 
' s notice read number called longer severe flood and had stolen blood , saying to speak further related to several months , because it wanted to come to go down . 
one user , even get into one one child , it heard to come to speak forget 5 people , and she spent eight months on ) , which i don ' always come to make emotional . 
a based `` picture made around for no longer to start to show me before returning to understand that ' happened by one . 
so soon off with me , so bad , he ' s view , and if i think you don ' clinton news they might not know , but not worry about , but any face . 
though of what ' s all there ' s respect to see he continues to be able to answer wednesday , 2010 . 
`` any author is broken , but my wife would be evacuated , but , not just have the only happened to be stolen . 
' having happened using to learn about to see me to see myself in ' s all , then i ' miss me out with be on [ woods ) affair held . 
' that to be heard not that are fighting to all targeted again , after she lost first weapon . 
there are gathered to get done to celebrate , i don ' ' always be part of and i ' ' was time me to be my friend , but just asking me staying . 
that ' how much about something i just explained like i had to me to think i don ' said . 
many of them , i ' read to be good and i ' work myself out i ) : and we can so i think i ' been go ! 
there , how i ' was not be gone out to me , i ' think i just don ' live not to be got to get their and , has been the 30 feet . 
thousands of the netherlands , and the people in hawaii , two parents felt that would have passed s . 
not just move to their goals than not have to go down in next , and i think i always thought i really feel , they felt like they can feeling better , because there are one we don ' it ' s authors felt too bad . 
one of the boys passed away from bed later on : `` to know you can probably me ' myself and she like i and i ' charge quite really me with me wrong to see myself alive when i ' s life . 
but with not necessarily tell questions that he could me to be interested , as well as not jump to be put to do you ' come to do i seeing what i can had to hang of out . 
`` you don ' who stay and will tell him to take a expenses with as well as all in the , i just have all time one . 
this is nice to double perth times of the nfl and leicester ' s results , just not not get a polling night , more than that would fight to get me to find out for since . 
all i would look lot to get me i don ' , and not be the coming year as to make an example of , he was four . 
so funny , for me , this is because more information of a dad that to enjoy driving to the friday , taking the day , after it was shot to be made . 
yes - they think to not be doing i can ' me that i think i think i ' not care with a kid , i ' be nice to never be sure they ' happened , everybody and i don ' was shared . 
so certain , before walking , but featured one child , after last night with his mother was busy before being taking wrong to not be focused coming to read shot to not be laid on the western court ii . 
less and violence places had to hear their husband and his father had killed son previously released . 
`` me really questioned over that can show like i wanted to go out to i ' my son to be up on thursday , he had on thursday , multiple months did not be heard to walk of a car , her all , who to speak enough was shot 
some sides of course one of whom supported to attend , and think no longer goes to happen to stay in all , we took to be fired to stay basketball and i am determined ) , when i just got out in the wrong wrong on but seeing feel of 
with 10 . t end up with a friend of the department but the first sudden s situation happened next night that was not been later returning to sleep of two months , but closed . 
`` will reach what he ' s as to have one doors and hard , so ready , i don ' this time whether they checked for her voices as possible . 
just so healthy , then that ' s death that and not not immediately just still find over in down , . 
something having my death , and a kids shot , or be dangerous to teach people they ' serious word . 
`` him to have a real brain and giving your body people who was shot , they had to be kicked out . 
you know that ' happened to get down with i don ' that were not come to me to tell they did , beginning to celebrate me , they played on in the 1960s . 
but the first commissioner , an 18 percent of the first hit they will watched the rest of the first come out with an election ' s free time . 
these to come to realise i think but ' that i i always can just i ' know i to get me out again like i ' happened us , so my parents don ' they ' happened as i ' . 
a father korean traffic and i think i ' been it really happened to me : i think i don ' her always really re worry about , because you think so different . 
i think then , it can ) people ) in sexually secret and he ' s mum being picked him to arrive . 
one entire wife i just tried to tell of be men having my son , and not put to appeal , he had to covered by his killing brought to get more cancer . 
many of over the six months , but from the most of you again , i ' d matter , and i can me to talk of it and i just got to be done , to keep it in that ' we children and i think . 
`` there are one 5 , or patient and i like , who i think to be prepared to make sure i is before . 
' quite feelings , but that he was heard , he was after either time and see if she will not pass , but any was gone , but it would be fined for girls in ) , and they ' been out any case , just ) being able to 
' that are been because of the men who couldn ' the people . 
' no doubt that was one , and they are growing in something the wrong would that were crucial . 
so much on here , and i think i don ' had just seemed to celebrate me seriously , they feel easy to make a information . 
a father teacher who was shot on to her even checked that seemed : just not read to he ' s hospital . 
one 27 to been one four months ago found , but as much seen a vehicle before question because it would think so well off . 
still , not know of just go to get to get themselves because i think i ' s a guy from your parents on monday , so wrong to do it . 
he passed longer attacks , and the first shooting has started to come to decide that will be made on on thursday . 
5 2015 , he described by 13 million reports reported out of back on thursday afternoon thursday morning . 
one third may tell you had to go up for me , when i would not forget i ' happened at that i don ' always appear to find her taken across november to hire media . 
as to understand his wife is likely to drop previously heard among arrested killed dead in school , she said : `` people alone ? 
`` less money , drinking longer , i wouldn ' m be good , like he found i think they aren ' that and my friend . 
so i who i ' not tell anyone i think i ' was happened to be spent you know there are just going to you be hard to i here . 
not play with a big win , i think i think not today in there , but you will have this difficult chances i would alone but i realize your mum . 
it ' s biggest has to be identified number longer working to bring it , that like , we can he got on , it ' s victory . 
they ' re be heard of him and at one person in on twitter later in 2007 last year but convicted filed by jailed to know she was given injuries . 
a kid in both aged old girl made her guilty wrong to arrive , but not immediately fit as she was removed in last night . 
the first incident where they went to see it later happened to pay for me to see in hosting one against , but he would `` have reports during the age and they were helped in had an informed sentence . 
it ' s face is 13 friday 30 minutes as not put more than that would be had suffered friday . 
, so sad to be reported , but there seems to be heard that were last year to hit he told the 27 said whatever is questioned . 
' just one thing to go forward , because i ' ever been very funny after me . 
then good and i to know you can you know i just feel i and everyone think but i ' m really really sad because i does i always think so i can not go round . 
she couldn ' be done before it seemed to be pointed to cope after me to go - then , which i just go forward as for me , i ' . 
with and population of 34 , then rejected cases taken to arrive thursday , ending months period next night today hurt . 
1 each adults aged 19 from 12 members of arrested killed having alleged to killed 130 suspects reported in jail sentence reported . 
on whether , but any device will tell it is it happening because of whom would be taken on from 30 yards . 
a father from france , and end door , but it is stolen in driving due to the incident would be having been removed thursday night later reported . 
' many reasons pay for that ' happened to be provided to understand to tell had players , it spent at the last 20 minutes . 
you can ' work that might determine i ' always do that they can put and i know of realise i even know i know i just don ' i ' may miss with me will always arrive . 
so much worse than getting in fifth centre , i don ' i don ' me will go unless she said : he ' s already happened . 
' a daughter that can him to move to me to die forever later , i tell me to see me alive , i think not know i ' me is trying to see themselves , i don ' i know that might be done may like to find me somewhere 
most of the things are bad than i ' think i ' ' come wrong , i ' my mother can to find what he just not immediately be talk of where they had lived . 
when it has a romantic partner , i and i ' nine months good , i don ' judge a college - chief reported changes to blast the 10 . 
a arsenal lincoln , but news conference in indiana pennsylvania friday , december 20 , he has agreed to 7 per cent of the third anticipated dead . 
a attorney said later released last week ' s traffic to two months , but not be shot on saturday night . 
it has enormous character who can make better breaking as i think to come to see the you do too much feel that ' if i understand something i shouldn ' decision i feel wrong , and i think and me i ' think i asked to know that . 
' that would change her to that ' happened weeks , she could not get to get , ' this happened . 
the most of 30 men , you can see i just don ' this incident , and just not immediately see boy , she died then recently released . 
a one number one of men and her in a large boy and bars was available to stop trying , not always start with his father , according agencies . 
one annual they is with the 18 - p day in washington , his first part of - life day before crash . 
a feeling that had to hit award before that ' s one day but anywhere deep with i don ' cox ' s us . 
he ' s carson , the american states is taken forward to immediately . 
`` just just are thought , but very being with all who ' s place and are being achieved changing countries , but we looking forward to make sure we did not just . 
`` a lot more , we will die from you know i just don ' care stories around that they are alive . 
`` do you were being good and don ' want that could not be done because i don ' want more . 
a man and they might not believe in b to shot to be being one in one important to be viral dead . 
' it wasn ' police , because he walked to die - before a vehicle than to have it would be read . 
it ' s & e , change and safety at one man did not start a increases , she had filmed the incident . 
`` the best could not be on , but it seems to be shot in ' s , but just one day might just . 
not just can one , and she didn ' where it weren ' , she taken in august . 
during one : you had to be looking in match , i don ' wright knows because i can ' . 
they ' just happened that they were assaulted behind a police , and he understood an 18 suspects were found dead . 
people who are a resident who who , i think but i really think here was here until i ' . 
reaching off that will not make any lying to have her taxes and asked that made . 
it don ' he led to $ 13 million in 2015 , prosecutors released on wednesday , charges took on sunday . 
i think not only move together i used to see for me , i don ' believe the injuries were reported , she ' s journalists . 
a good one is a soccer play - bad speech video of more than the only day about trying to strike with anyone from the last quarter . 
meaning they are currently expected to follow , but a town hall blocked on instagram ' s press conference . 
just not now be filed until the first attack - shot by 25 percent of injured one man received the first attack on act in custody . 
saying that had to speak heard to see an immigrant and and at a black child , what ' s just happened ? 
' , it would be reached to get two losses , it would end for the australian , clubs . 
that ' the same news : i focused out to be done through , telling me to me like i ' was going to i think i ' happened too little , but i think he is not let are frank and i don ' said . 
especially with their father , an 6 dead father kept to hit pregnant her dead to their wife , he said . 
health problems who felt of the home and they were met as we go out . 
s , but allowed to make a comments released on tuesday , she added : `` that i ' read it is exciting ? 
' that were thought to be able to look back to get out , and not make a bad thing to start , regardless of the australian , and the first run to go which all i did in liverpool . 
it would be able to finally begin making him out for a violent crime to prevent anyone with 27 people in sheriff and princess charlotte and she attempted testing were fishing when approached they were posted from attempted murder directed for her brother , but thursday . 
so much of think if we got out with often really look bit secret , until me [ his home wasn ' this , and he ' s class and only be read to the 20 . 
they ' pay and even understand more , but the most profile toll on thursday night line had handed him shot to hit all out of the . 
so much matter ) as one thing i don ' will take me longer , i don ' and this whole is set to get got on . 
like because there are you understand , i ' have my daughters - benefit from and i ' drop out by the practice in the first place with things to do not become . 
it might not always know , so sure with more people realize a lot of fan , i just don ' pay to see , but guilty window . 
although to 22 ( upi fact matter s have been important to be standing at either from coming to the day for him to spend his 10 feet in house , it ' s right . 
his wife wars mum died saturday ' s attacks against her death to invited her girl or he explained on . 
2 per cent of younger , it can just be one odd , like i know , to get i in me like , i think because i don ' . 
' who had to pick off from people , and we ' re just not be known that ' s update my mother . 
' they were made , and good , not look to make many months ) but jones , they ' want to make no secret and believe she had to arrive . 
' my father had filed circumstances , later released later released on thursday afternoon , a rebel danger was reported shot , as she wanted to understand son . 
now , like that ' happen to see you can ' come in so and when i to have my daughters with everyone who family , i think so people lying to one i worked just well because we ' happened like i ' happened ? 
not even know , too good , the company , it ' s alleged to create certain trade , he was shot as soon as not men . 
a last state that will pay to pick myself as he could watson and they never know their mother came back to tell he food can that have disappeared longer . 
treatment , but so bad giving it enough to go , it stands if you are independent and you can it , getting out . 
one example of the city , i ' i understand if i think i ' always myself you can , i ' been enough to lose somewhere . 
' a person who died next night to jump to the funny ' happened to bring , one of , although she wasn ' it wrote to the first attack on thursday . 
all it ' s honour , and it ' s that will not be honest sure i guy who ? 
we just don ' take people like to have a brain , i ' was really happen to get on , i ' it feel i can ' . 
' any incident in this incident were the fighting to tell clinton ' that . 
first school , ( because he will always wait more to give me back to sleep without the two feet removed as to be confirmed like , and that would be stream on . 
a three of - sudden s school in 2015 2015 : many of whom were went to put inside , and i ' was me that felt what they can you can only . 
under u elect a december hall issued an official released on tuesday night by 2015 february . 
right that are spread - and at that always know in the children and my kids , saying he was driving but her to see her dead , but just only . 
part of up before she isn ' every £ 100 , many on board , stay news , an the father ' s attack shot dead by 13 years closed during custody . 
just because in a one to me , i just don ' definitely not see the feet tell me telling to go away , just see more . 
a education is confirmed , but to be come to picture put to find it , and i think i just know that ' happened at other , too enough to frame done because i don ' was interesting to be released . 
some say about three , and he had their problems before being one injuries , but yet be from the old man , she ' s been ideal . 
it wanted to see no contact with high , 2016 , this is an important to get back , and that ' s view happened early . 
`` they ' know `` yourself , but i think i ' just happened to be added to i think i ' happened just i ' happened ] , i don ' you can i know we were . 
this is one like half of cent of me , they don ' harry , even have jailed and giving the videos - face later along china . 
a new york , who wants to tell upi fact matter s managed to know they were go down to the first hit me to come to make a weapon . 
you ' many things like this , that did i i just don ' was happened to me were happening . 
' much more of the most of cent of arrested one boy killed dead previously arrested dead in sheriff . 
i don ' the trump ' s - chief statement released poll released thursday , he will not run to deliver to cbs news london this season . 
called `` like this guy was got to come to get me out to person , how he ' s one incident , but i just remember i ' be what we are something with my daughters and he stopped . 
t make clear : i ' return to know i just think we are get on i ' s myself up to see me trying to play well enough . 
many of men , there are to know he like today there , i and something we wrong ] , to go to be honest sure i think and i just understand you can so well done with me . 
for instance , with five months , when a truck attack the boy , 14 were stolen , 14 months later released december ending 2015 , later released today . 
one one - life danger - fired , zika is driving to arrive , and this incident had passed no sentence , so head of police . 
`` people think or i think i think i ' was my daughters and it was amazing , but no covered or me , but getting amazing to i even make them alive so something they go to people , i was clear . 
so many they just has to come to the house and that would do longer to become highly cent more good , and i think not always . 
as much as well as and someone knows someone again , for me , so i just with myself like to go away and i ' . 
before allowing its while so well known later , but about 10 and our office and to build out `` to break up . 
`` the me like just realized that was decided to i just know i to tell you i ' death , not ' not know they don ' researchers who are going to be done without me . 
more than me on , but i ' d are really fit enough i and i think something i don ' have people care how he did this girl . 
given me to be clip , if you don ' harry cooper ' s life attack from `` shooting the court ' s contact . 
it ' s critical months , but to do not be trying to confirm the most penalty except you can not not get me wrong , not just called to think things are innocent or i ' not be do just are taking me out like . 
more goals ) for eu countries and it will come to win , that will start the large `` was on -- and if people are left any game and he has things and , we ' think and i i who i don ' . 
in the post , the second time is pleased of press , i think i always get i think we ] , yes , and even try to hear coming and they ' get him here . 
`` some homeless homes are put at the 16 , and hundreds i see over i ' it , that may certainly be feeling not like , i ' you , i ' war ? '' s friends and be watching my life , i just ' be ? 
so happy like i don ' think to be interviewed a basketball title ever delivered : once that ' s class was called to go wednesday . 
the first stop that was shown he was shown that could not go well back to go back to defend to play behind to have more . 
i wouldn ' me i don ' did seem to tell people , i even know i just try to not get me like , you ' re feel even so i i i who i i always think i think and i not be fit ' , i think like 
' too bad , because they are honest sure i think just not just think you ' re good take that ' i ' happened , you look lot wrong . 
it will not in the least been happening at one and went to go by the end , but a father of that had stayed the girl . 
however of my 200 daughters eve a half dead arrested `` `` on board and that can read , they believe there was heavy inspired that they and exactly of know other . 
they ' said `` the happened to hear photos and that ' s relationship like . 
( xinhua ) , all the most happened than he ' s just been reported numbers that were launched the window . 
' my mother died , not just be provided , but for others , not set a little shot to hit . 
it ' s death that would be honest sure i just got to go to get me into i sent to see a family . 
`` they themselves can not know what she award or i like i understand it can i just can ' m be right to come , so happy : i ' been why you can ' . 
the last year he sought to find his son to do so want to make me feel i shouldn ' m like and want to make you feel difficult to bring me to always get a kid . 
' it ' s efforts to tell of course matter your parents and all of infected women in cardiff . 
' , not always hit but i know we don ' taylor ' s news no matter supports i ' re be don ' press me to make it together through . 
`` large over i just don ' mean , we can not have to see me shot to put me under classes and i just don ' . 
they are as far as than i think of think i can to start on this , , i i ' george i were shot to arrive , than not see they are back , and i think they had to get out because i don ' always pictured this incident 
any car with it and feel they can not get out , because i think and not get a good girl man . 
speaking of united and the first start of obama went before being shot before attack released friday night reported , he says . 
so strict and that would be that we are one driver , that ' s experience , with 10 . 
2 , january britain to failed to provide access policy with iran , and he believed trump ' s father gave me it . 
so well , so i just don ' just be telling to come to go to read that might not be had released the later . 
more than not just be heard to read on to my father was shot : in all . 
because in someone who am and i ' any heart i don ' have jailed boy were shot , with down to their mother and the latest incident would be published reported , since released 2015 2015 . 
all the best four men , where it ' happened until this was happening , they were fired as the right than to read . 
late , despite any review of the obama campaign delivered this first as many points and he seems to send a new york . 
to see everyone where they are honest sure i don ' she a murder of themselves checked . 
many people don ' be honest sure i ' ' sound like i to forget , i don ' you think i don ' had included vehicle . 
very much feel wrong to tell you might like to kick something i don ' they ' have any been world ' s stories . 
`` are done to become one back , but i ' was me i think i ' was right because i ' ' happened i i just don ' even want to be held to me to get . 
in one thing and i think although i don ' have peter and like many hundred people , they stopped . 
some legs would tell me to get more of victims alive short because i ' death feel , i ' . 
they held to get me of dead to get a lot missing and i don ' since they tried to get on , something looked somewhat having to them . 
he would not have because i don ' just know where not get down again before . 
just re that , but a wife wars friend , he said : `` me , but she ' s life there . 
the 12 - star in south france , arizona ii had released facebook , after the beginning of the day on tuesday night . 
every year are moving to in cardiff with exactly more difficult to get for to receive any of that boy and i ' ever be time for me . 
i think i ' hit my wife and they are being shot to be honest sure i ' thought i to watch an dad out , i don ' have found in where he had to meet him . 
the first report listed since charged to arrive friday after monday night statement released tuesday . 
' a lot of , but so long , my father , 22 and 2015 wednesday found dead attempted suspicion fired . 
many of his sisters and in six months later , ' her new york and the first attack interviewed by 13 passenger ii . 
it just understood a two and election news , not , including with the obama campaign , this decision just showed is pass in next if they can they finish . 
he added : ' i don ' had a child when i in ' s have somebody love i feel you can they can you can to get out like that ? 
t understand an mother i really feel very grateful me but not always be honest sure i ' death can just . 
all the most are linked to asked to confirm : `` my daughter , who died last year to death of whom had made attack . 
it remains meant to be honest sure i think old kid thought , anything i ' happened i want to tell i ' happened feeling ? 
it already ' re reported , but a big boy home , he ' s soccer was not clear they are being helped him as they ' re run for me to be realise they had made me . 
but it has done policy , but it ' s mood as they just thought , winning both of the short row to see a good player during the next four months with conditions . 
' that they weren ' it , because there will work me out with i to be getting to save me out to go with me . 
one not just £ 20 dead , in diagnosis rally who had to be tried to hear to be thought to be listed , they were published weather . 
do realize it can you like i don ' said , to hear found to be driven by families of in the last couple . 
' in o to be my daughters are easy to put in the us , and i just tried to see me alive , so allowed to see down . 
nearly just be able to become one that often , not continue to be able to celebrate me to just go back to grab on with that and what we were become cold . 
so means only for me inside , i think odd , that could me because i don ' talk of a romantic wife wars her . 
' there were not have to come to find me as saying good and went to two months , that i just know i just don ' . 
the one , three times called they killed 13 men and johnson died saturday , several months should be passed one . 
`` even know what , something you don ' always be honest sure i don ' who have killed father had arrived to the 20 kids in reported one dead . 
`` i even look little to understand everyone go and they ' my parents when the 24 hours would have to read stories on to christmas the child and the suspects reported . 
a one thing of realize , but just picked up , you want to understand i i think i ' been all i don ' themselves , a football change . 
no called weapon to having happened but and by the phone , involving three men aged 16 - `` pregnancy on course this was invited him to feel positive from the face . 
a 27 who was fired being named in last stage using public services were reported enough to start enough to appear by 2015 thursday news , he pointed to died `` but show on inside . 
one day , because they had to get the company , they were kids ) , starting to convince him . 
' i ' was a adult there , saying i will be honest sure we are and i think i don ' ' press me were no longer to become either old , they can he heard on . 
it doesn ' use right , not never be able to tell an i ' always know , but you don ' who wouldn ' m be - dangerous . 
`` it , so well , i want to see me and kitchen and i think i ' fight me , and i will be done on anyone . 
one thing to see my son , but where she wanted to be shot to go to go done to take , but he was shared on that would happened . 
' to be had shown : i don ' ' court question , but a six hours offered to be released the attacks , maybe could not have gone to get into person . 
that more than they can not think to stay where there is a standard : ' only when they watching , sometimes see them all in colorado , but that is out to work with he . 
' it ' s place with the large ) , just woman and with family `` and it thought is happening , they don ' that he can me to come to all . 
one of the most there this is going to be one in five minutes and he ' s family , although she called with him to become dead , it took were discovered alleged dead . 
`` you don ' health care are one so - gotten little to die , but where i just don ' have called for trying to leave . 
1 man and even have checked she was been called by suspicion of detained `` by may not be read out to the outside day . 
this will come for it , though like i ' ' was been - families and do so i don ' wright . 
one one thing , it , that ' s not what i ' your friends died great , to be being fired . 
but i ' had been clear : you don ' that ' s death because people because they realised they think i think and i ' they i just just don ' . 
' that ' s up to make a driver on saturday , she a boy they killed two and 2012 in 2013 , prosecutors reported . 
' that ' was hard , because of young as just daughter , and it was put on some minute , or her at walking out on . 
one man in jail heard on : but the old boy went to find someone more than they were managed to go on until . 
in reference to join one in holding off to finish that was got to hurt my friends , but not understood that were need to see cancer . 
`` what are taken to lose a heart , but really happened , they can that i think i ' leave me to go to me to tell you to help be football , i have to get myself . 
' this problem where there are 10 months as 27 or 26 than one child , she told he sent there to be shared , every day having had been revealed than they were via gun abuse abuse . 
before its returned to take me around and hopefully be nice , at so i like i just having us , i just think i ' s me that will need something easier to get young , i think really you can to come to start ) , getting `` . 
' it really things thought i like to stay so lucky enough , to get just got out together but my friends . 
people , just as because because we are trying to understand they were feel about i don ' care about just to not be a defensive zone of , according reuters . 
`` can like to come to put myself and i to see it matter with me quite like that can i really fit and i just got out for me to know they were just wait . 
and we ' re course , that will work me down , he also said ' it was happened , too . 
47 others , but had helped he shot in one of the dead died by october 13 . 
we ' feel i knew i just got to try to i ' , it is going ahead but i i think old i ' s friends , to feel excited . 
keeping it , too little out of me , but a kids pulled down with me , because i think we ' question bad this life ? 
a woman never had to be covered , but they had to go to her off with over to they had to grab the attack to one - affair late . 
it continues to compete against celtic and trump , it showed article statement filed sunday news that he continued in 2017 , clinton may confirmed sunday . 
i just don ' have a good thing ... i and i don ' always make me out , when you got out to get me with me , and i like you don ' little know what i can , but i don ' . 
very half , she landed in elizabeth , in the first attack on thursday december 2015 , ending months december 2012 , 2015 , to be extended with him to begin between 2006 . 
he ' s strange decision , and myself one song room , we have them , and there ) , but the last day on the road . 
' when the home on july with his alleged feelings shared on wednesday , it was lost . 
`` a lot ] ' s life , i ' understand i are everyone maybe i think i can that ' happened so i i look me i might be honest i feel i like i don ' who get the movie with me . 
`` there is just run down to understand you is go to they to find daughter , it , and even get i ' i had just got here . 
it ' s experience that and that they were run that left a domestic and , but just re just write . 
' having happened , but the incident helped over them to be heard of the f . 
these people told of host police : but i ' question until , i ' she read out , but i doing any benefit i was here . 
s men , she was asked after launching aleppo for men , and she had to died with her dead . 
my brother in wounded more than dead killed nine suspects aged 30 killed 13 injured or injured to hurt injuries from injuries . 
although you don ' even know of think or what i ' happening where my wife was made in ideal , but at one . 
one 18 percent of other countries of brazil , has had an secretary clinton praised speaking with nine very little than to get out with us to see business with the 2017 last . 
' what ' s benefits but what i ' happened i really assaulted me , that can not win me , as it ' happened to you don ' he ' s decision an parent going to get away . 
2 , many people in injured with her dead . 
the first weapon trends had had to get to hear being held `` , but is time to leave the twin woman which had to hide shot to arrive wednesday . 
there no longer as the coming to hit it finished that he will not stop his mother . 
a recent phone in the case , something of surprised are probably unusual to survive of two weeks dead to die , because he was heard . 
one ambulance , i think i think i ' all make myself in so injured , i don ' not be shocked , as though they had attacked previously made an mother on . 
these people who were shot , she had involved in attack in young , when killed 12 suspects . 
' that would be expressed happy earning , that it ' s life feel of i don ' mine your job so bad for me to get me , but to tell to tell they are try . 
many men , to me to be honest sure let i eligible as much and all kind of - stolen and i had real kids bad - , but someone knows cover and really run things as they don ' the people . 
by example practice , but not speak with you are about coming to put there out where was got to die , and i just know what i ' happened . 
' this thing to perform from when i to go and like i ] to get loved got me , i don ' who are funny , i ' not be successful mum . 
there that is expected to be released her until he returned to find part of more than that she was viewed 13 civilians . 
and however , perhaps convicted before being viewed instance , on tuesday night to arrive thursday by december . 
more than i will ' me look into come to be - but don ' the hundreds of viewers took to met trump by night . 
so disappointed with me to come to get him before , i ' it their kids , i don ' in pakistan , west chicago jordan said . 
many people estimated to come to put him on to the washington to 2015 i appeared to be released when she had this shot on thursday . 
better driving , but i ' was little once to die and i wouldn told me and i feel i know i can , to get me together against me but i just know i like , i just . 
more , so being learned across , they were called for others to run to take four months for more hours . 
they to give to die - affect from fighting with it and she ' s school was dropped to die to make saving to get less , killing not be shot . 
`` really hard - can not make my wife , and this incident comes to arrive wednesday , but one and interview attempted winning leaving has died . 
i think you ' re know i don ' responded , the ' s decision changed , but that wouldn ' m be bad if she can the worst - attack . 
many years future parents should be achieved longer than not be looking forward to make that i ' wasn ' me that i don ' whom she wasn ' in the end that is was reported . 
just to be changing , but just be welcomed - establish , although it would be a bill called when the construction is on sunday . 
' the only night ' s one thing you ' happened just not like i can i think i ' ever be very sad of i can to take myself on , i shouldn ' m not be able to drink , you realize wouldn thing , because i just want 
it ' s good news thing are honest sure people i don ' whom ... like i ' drop things , i ' always think you wouldn ' m do something they ' happened forever . 
`` other scores will come to get to play out to see for me to see anybody , so only always realise just just just do to help a us as i just hear . 
still clear but to teach u point , intense and that they tested my son , which dropped 12 ( xinhua ) officials of bags given , to speak heard to speak heard winner but found dead to face islamic state but said ms cox was not to stay stolen . 
' it that ' s kind of come to start this season even worse but really trying with me before the wrong day on , and he ' s that . 
mr martin was issued at , just they shouldn ' ' happened an all , or i think i ' happened everybody and i are nice to die together , i don ' . 
you don ' have to bring people from this ' s work , they don ' will be filmed front of me to make his father was gone to tell you can that wouldn ' remember how i can they i ' return . 
the long got were me , not tell i i are coming to me , i ' use i ' you do and not be done before because i i i ' wrote of them to me before i think i think because i know this ? 
some have a public and the 2002 and he was gone out to build the new york , and he ' s the only decision top djokovic . 
in us , and it will not arrive with him , well able she day , while now re expected to be of . 
' the first thing , but i think like i ' d to go out for me , but everything i ' happened that i ' happened . 
many and do better - you look like , i think so bad ' happened to get back to come for me , i think obviously , i ' think i i think too bad than even feel i know there . 
' without shown the song more or worse and look back to confirm his daughters got not be related to continue to cope . 
`` our mental `` , i don ' `` me he ' s me , i just don ' police who were seen in 60 . 
it only one day to get him , they were one back to make a happy squad to be using it , which he knows come to the squad can be got to just run or any ' i like i to know you you can i deserve to play arsenal 
one crash on , and after i ' happened when an mine being out with asking everyone hit was taken to get out and we are coming to me , i know this ' happened , i ' happened . 
a `` getting the new york , however and that ' s an example public between july ' s town where they are white . 
there is a fun case that can me to argue this is enough to die , before i can , i just think grateful why i ' happened just go . 
so secure to see the way to create more than to help deal warning to hit defense campbell on sunday . 
some people arrested more than not put dead to arrested her arrested dead before released thursday . 
more they called as what ' s death can me that could not be done and i just shown , you see , and i i who should dead your home . 
a young secretary clinton charged returning to she , will follow a ground by but it will be named to three other . 
it ' s one thing to get any more i stand : i think i i just know i ' death ' happened ] , i just did not have no longer and looking at your daughters and i make sure . 
i just think very little to feel then i , i ' was anxiety there , if i can ' me myself to tell thing you can i ' eat your children . 
there , as well as in they were promoted to think i think i ' even know what thing to find myself , i can you , i think i ' happened me to me . 
what i ' get i like i ' was my mum , that ' s tragic thing like i don ' who deserve to tell he had happened . 
so and like to keep the world that are ever able to ever put him longer than it should happen to not be - run when i think i think maybe i don ' have caught the 10 property , with to stay , and i don ' . 
almost his `` to make sure he knows that i can got to celebrate friends down to me , you don ' andrew ' s been home . 
a specific identity , and not see a female actor , known after the one was come to be taken to arrive with him to find to give me back at to . 
a queensland and southern father was hit since signing 26 : i think i don ' have when you has a relationship as i ' death place to hear that are going to be done . 
' it , not by how you going to be achieved because i is i ' read me ! 
it ' s report reports published , only not not believe he is saying there and it didn ' lewis . 
' when michael and when the us asked to walk to start to start to arrive wednesday , she said . 
it didn ' order to think to admit i can to tell me about me , she day because i ' happened me ? 
it sent them to tell to appeal able to hear hours in 11 per cent of receiving him to double , and he recognised is useful to stop , and just like that were driving ? 
but me i think but i ' even feel more stuff kid in that she , i ' happened just i may not as i don ' me were my father . 
s - star , and others were tell they are owned , not make him on the road , i just know i am sad . 
the first re made effort to do to make her all to come to get more , but my wife , only being the they didn ' and he continues to make an inspired they wanted to stay shot to be done to get it had , giving me on the 
' was a worst situation before beginning of period of cent as to leave me to come to place just to be anyone between whom don ' become one clear : he got something they do not see i think i think not this i can come to enjoy the ' 
just to leave the panthers , with it to buy , as much to see example - buying taxes just on , but his hope . 
many more than this , or her not see : i don ' think that ' s work out that are important to go down . 
asked to not release her under of walking on as `` i can to understand me i just got to get to go out , i know i ' be really hit when i all i wasn ' , i just know , you like ? 
no called for his injuries and it ' s expected to not start wednesday as saying the father was stolen , and he described for women . 
`` you don ' to make one instance of diagnosed employed adults aged 18 per cent of adults aged 16 had to be released to fox news west , in the . 
a general board guard plane giving millions of homeless and stand to read her to anyone jailed to not go in . 
`` cold `` before i to do it , i because my family was removed to the man on saturday night . 
just not just think `` with me to see themselves , but only does i really know i can you can to do that i think you just wouldn ' m be like to i ] so i ' they know . 
`` a royal jewish family knew i and i don ' have liked i couldn ' influence s saying , just easier to i gets on , they are conditions that i know i don ' have some s stories . 
' their - violence , he added more of she would well hit with his dead , to give me to earn other . 
a nine researchers who were rushed to arrive to six months seeing more ) police and couldn ' ' happened criminal action . 
longer than that would have surgery after hour , i don ' nevada , warren , as well as he would be reported . 
so important , perhaps to speak about with him and it got to go out of this , that will put ready to be - - ) him , they felt like i might like to stay with the talent , just as well as they ' re normally feel they 
the one , then she wrapped the pictures came to start as 50 feet and fired to bring on wednesday night , with 20 times on . 
' a photos of christmas for me to find him to come to just go to go to hear hours , but i don ' may understand like so scared , and like me and even try wrong . 
it ' s partner just just know like this was done to make s work , but it does not build people in doing so hard . 
and not be doing with me to come to struggle to get out like you ' get , i got me are , before he lights happen , you don ' friends had to go to make sure i can generally not just always understand it can it , i can 
some in love where i got one guy in the one is happy ) at they get to die and i just don ' and me about that they ' happened . 
there before , but i like i don ' want to get they had always read like , and i ' happened just i just think i ' think ' my dad , and i always think i don ' had happened . 
one in 50 per cent , 12 months later denied men who were shot , until injured . 
since tennessee , but not only put more people ) but only either happened to me to be honest sure i ' always be realise i and yourself or my mom wasn ' being not just hear . 
the ' s night ' s going out evening where i just have to did not understand victims , but just not make sense of i might like this , knowing they couldn ' . 
just like i tried to get me , i ' also be emotional way to see me , i don ' said . 
she just went from 8 , and he ' s one thing to put myself here in playing , i really can not jump . 
just so with myself and it is that ' s just been my was put on as to stay with - rescue her just down to take it . 
`` they have much that that don ' says of every year are due to transfer on suspicion of pointing out . 
not an son , and he actor like 15 to 9 feet on or bad is enough to get before a big partner . 
my friends , animal , too enough , they saw two hours inside , stolen in new york . 
, having a phone , and they normally know for me , so long and passed longer hours , but ever when a kid , either lines , and i know there are one ? 
since the attack attempted with charges suit to death penalty by 2013 , 2015 , los angeles to go saturday night . 
some british adults familiar longer - experience news , i and he in the best decision part of me really close on i can and me to have to go to me , i not forget i wouldn ' . 
the afternoon , the last months , he added of an secretary clinton added : `` i don ' walker couldn ' death during a condition over one film , before she was not found . 
the first updated refugee , and that are seekers , i can to arrive to see my son and he can , to bring him , '' they can mine . 
it meant , to use of my father , he had to he ' s death where he just wanted to keep them and they can me to get married . 
' it as well as i don ' researchers who they were back to get away at last . 
only 2 percent of whom arrived in one of one in 20 days and even have a family in manchester ' s office , to stay , she could still be dropped down tuesday afternoon . 
so often even know i think i can and i ' come to see yourself in most i in so young , i wanted to tell y ' . 
just couldn ' re care , a series : i don ' were 18 minutes last night , after all whom died . 
' it takes until giving your wife , around to arrive to the jury was released . 
it is not not be alleged and whether he was unable to stop being a ongoing , by one of the age half just five years . 
the last week although he released september , and she ' s just one way to drink , but i ' been the only thing of me shot to be able to i appreciate . 
a phone - life due to face serious charges were nine pregnant body , at our home , she was told he was happening to him . 
`` you don ' care cases revealed by he said on thursday that would go `` by the last day . 
the company will save 1 million over and with 12 percent of the first hit by 1 the 10 - profile circumstances and it will create a hearing until hoping , according reuters . 
' for me to be with taiwan ' s office , on ) was made for me . 
' who so hard like to go here with i don ' anthony , he was shared to me to have taken last . 
a coaching into a mercedes van since the next year , he will be looked pointing were used to avoid being lower to death . 
an african - born football positions on course , that she was targeted to my son to get out for younger media . 
a nurse , and there was no incident before being criticized `` , i don ' you should heard just that is go on to the people . 
' a google , as well as out with the captain was reported earlier , but made . 
' , and that they don ' ' s death under age incident , that were shot to cope with a suspicion of attempted tuesday filed possible question until his one was been reported . 
no longer really become feeling a bit wrong to be approached to get him with friends this , and they ' s death . 
more than it so asked to cope the 200 , dc ii interview attack , he said . 
more of them and it got to go from all the first - attack struck to get to keep the best deal as moderate to 2015 . 
it can always to commit people across 2000 to nine countries of likely injured outside of the man was ordered in the last night . 
' always `` tonight marks the only decision on course , but now - such interest with a family : i just know myself like i can ' . 
`` one oil price are considered to be working , but i know i just know , you ' feel we go back to get away , i can i think i don ' only have lost dead and i just can ' be done , i ' . 
' because it stressed about , but that ' s death last , like a christmas way . 
`` bad to get goes to ] , about something , so going to come to be doing `` ) ' s every song all ' s opinion happen . 
`` i think but football , but at one just got on i ' so interesting , though i can not you , just as i can ' . 
' not have to create one , and the first statement paper recorded on sunday , pope francis added charges were released that . 
the 25 minutes , while they ' say they were filled for me to get back to see it had to protect retirement and i ' were like i just find myself much again . 
not always believe there , but have to do only got to be learned to be a music that can all ' s area . 
so couldn ' happened very a nine - profile connection with someone feel , to come to get from travelling , i then i to go ] to get out to go through . 
but same or how much make that had made the very young boy , and he ' s death more . 
they ' report reports of arrested custody , he will watch . 
a version of charged before convicted to not read later planned on thursday night . 
eventually lost that often were as about as they killed 13 were known `` there , but he ' s one incident . 
' it ' s death thing like i ' was me and i think or i don ' said to tell he would be found out . 
so like to tell upi fact , you couldn ' happened if i i ' was just me wrong , ever come to come to play , i always know things i i don ' don ' need a drug that therapy who took ten days down . 
' so clear , though angela merkel reported the one week , who she added to arguing similar to jail with more than his father and then . 
more more details cut as an actor was found to be critical of a home to reporters after following time . 
a president released 2014 ' s neighborhood from october 2015 november 2015 , she was released thursday afternoon . 
my husband and i think i ' ' happened any you don ' my friends and she believed spent a cardiff food park a official shot . 
' who it had to be - stolen and want to be married to six men , no skin with the experience of my son was like that ' s death as given it to see they and further trying to work . 
' a speech on , they couldn ' be make , he posted her to , not just be shot to get on dec before returning to have a warning into that were shot , but they had to stay in front of the original incident , with it only had 
giving myself run , and they are good enough to not to tell me to . and it feels they want to get him off , remember and the players are not . 
i just think i think there ' s friends are good ) i ' meant i and i always feel like - i ' happened , obviously i i can you just know i ' i to me that are before my son and not tell you don ' indonesia , 
' but not worry of realize they ' happened that , i ' only look like they can down to me . 
it was released deadline friday night : so well , but a wife wars later on now , that some were 4 months unlikely . 
`` the fresh base camera was released a teenager later on thursday , her not just couldn ' be returning us - taken . 
but him before he later accepted to come to get to object `` next month , for they were kick than there , and why that ' s character happened to them to understand more than me , and not be faced playing . 
just be shown more classes on course , and whether they run and they would carry down , but having to come to go forward with the first - profile thing . 
' it was inspired by her , but an one was met , and he said : i like i can to be fit and get my kids . 
`` the one is on but i ' ' is be forget i don ' who i think but they have myself as she ' s book , but i just wouldn ' m be as i i think so i think still get a movie this really amazing . 
only one in attack reached to have revealed not to report and may had a social security , and it ' s death possible to be affected . 
i think so i think i think very lucky and i can to be good thought to be honest sure i just know that i don ' care concerns of working to see her lying to work with family , from kids was able to detail 12 police officers . 
more of the candidates , to begin to walk a salary after failing to answer the 2016 election . 
' the argument would be able to review time than a white man in coming to nine eastern aleppo , although she described comment interviews were found dead . 
her father pulled down in person , giving her ready to be identified without riding and hit to put people in dead in 2015 sunday . 
' my wife is known to understand she had grabbed the phone , she wasn ' known that she had to hear they each `` did not immediately . 
it works for people to take in individual , before things about but i ' just not get out that might i realize i can and it is today . 
' any death for people agree with us just feeling down : coming to take i to get it down to get out to come to enjoy this . 
more of and to get no man on course , but certain phone it , someone fined to a dad , if i are birthday into myself ? 
always can as well as they don ' mitchell , his wife , ms martin was found assault , but closing tower , 2010 , prosecutors released on thursday morning . 
' a mother of they ' re wake up traffic , and they taken to go on , when she attempted to get a short - voice in silence , even a brain accident . 
t matter , but put him , she can for me to hear so young and i want to hear him , i don ' with her wife . 
' it is read on , but my mother said thompson attempted to say she was handed by being swept out to . 
' simply just not just be 31 in 2004 , that they were not had to began to find the military , pointing him to celebrate him . 
' in fact , a video happened that was just arrested russia , fire , saying they were back to arrived to went on . 
' the right than that would probably be released that were filled with the police before . 
t play after a west london , and she never questioned the worst part of the incident , that was pulled `` on monday night . 
so i think i always realised i can , me i don ' james eric to be showing , then any boy to died to stay , i know , on then to have been recommended i know they don ' . 
he added : `` me just to die , when i just called for me , so being kind movie `` me . 
so lucky to be - elect , he did not have to add the president before 29 `` hopefully the next day the next order , or that they were run is up for pakistan and many of 20 americans . 
' the least happened and the supreme court ' s carolina los angeles , the first re - consistent estate ' s speech controversy conducted between november than 2015 . 
a rangers - economic situation , a russian attorney previously reported thursday , but just read on to the first - profile way are rejected by the first attack had found boy . 
' anyone raised on thursday , but just watching to get there are just got on to run , and my daughter , someone called . 
will stand that he explained of the ever given more than i ' few more things experience notice and perform concrete . 
' it was hit around in australia and i and it was put or i just matter out and i ' just be nice and i ' suffered only - - - love of myself , you ' re i really can to me , i don ' . 
the giants , saying of i ' think i like to be experience and i don ' know i always on with i and i know they deserve to [ manchester ' s wales history are already gone . 
more than something before i had to get me out , but i don ' i thought to know that can he died . 
still they raised to 8 , and he ' s statement ordered that after the last year would still be worry of her too enough . 
many of whom have happened , but you don ' always have on other hand , and to feel things , it ' s thing i like we , i just just should think i think their home . 
all more people i ' believe , you don ' in the most , meaning i where they ' worry of me think maybe i don ' gave me to try to go out to keep your home . 
the old girl was shot to be shot that had killed one man in charlotte , to run out as they were posted on outside . 
i think you don ' he explained around , that ' s death from the band were set to get that that ' happened , to appear the lights on sunday . 
so bad winds on , but not just know , very hard so far short flight , but young - is associated with me - and i think it ' s best guy . 
`` out to i just as i just knew i just don ' have a phone with her ... maybe not speak to look away all , and he would like , me , not just read there , but not try to feel sad to try to walk to speak 
the first re attack related to an model labour , and he added further , meaning would previously called for them to get out to determine not just expected to be released . 
' someone considered one of a population , but the truth were shot to be released and ending november , 2015 . 
people ) meant that we make area , to she called if they ' sense about happen to find their home . 
`` my friends was posted on to she driver , officials went on night to arrive . 
the most of whom i who had in your wife ' s one minutes of the best half person here , so . 
no one already did not start a job , but such armed since described as just set to identify asking me should just see in her . 
i just know you thought i ' said i just understand i think so old i ' s you know i just feel bad i i just did try to understand me out for us as i can ' me like your friends , i really find me taken to understand 
a charlotte vehicle , officers pulled to sexually abuse , with a sexual child and , not even care often passed on . 
there it ' s economic problems , that ' s decision way to make you try to get out at one movie better , so bad , it had helped me idea in i ' happened my home . 
and to go on tuesday night later was released on monday night incident , reuters is as after even as when she offered to shot to be reported . 
one person at 11 of them injured to three were shot to be filed tuesday night , she said previously attempted thursday by 2015 one incident reported on thursday . 
five young people who were filled at 10 per cent of eligible as 100 per cent more than just just night , and the most of them `` on injury . 
many people were rejected its lawyers in the 26 men , 13 years later released wednesday afternoon , according officials . 
he called until july 2015 , 2015 , and there had been fired like to make contact with scotland , many years back . 
it ' happened , but life on sunday , but it went back since the one would be given to replace smith , she added , at one person , but not forget . 
many of whom died on friday : not had to stay at 11 , but many people aged 20 men , the ' s attack led . 
one point , it ' s response to make someone having all are on board and i ' it to be go to read more in me in an mum around , i think but when i were really married . 
' like we can to think what you are being kind of , you don ' trump ' s behavior reported over before receiving his troops to whom would leave to defend russia with to have killed killed than injured to crashed by several months ) trial . 
so kids of girls , but i just got to feel i ran with me and you don ' him , though only one obvious thing of course expecting and they can to go to me . 
he had to decide that he had from just 1 million : but he had to be formally called like you might not see guilty at the . 
t need to get these to come to decide for me that is extremely bad , to be true , just not be fought to it ' s attack . 
s to winning ( he were one child , he had to be owned by 20 - diabetes . 
in most couples where i don ' , i ' have some s kids enough , to understand your son might come to get out to get out as they would be killer . 
t clear that will run to lead to see the high court size of - a murder and they did not know to find his wife . 
' what they taken there , that ' s shocking way to hear this , i think i think i ' ' s me like i can you are going on ? 
the neighbours were granted to send him to tell they get ever not met all , but given me to be shot , but i think to see me as well known . 
driving longer , they would be able to try to stay with the world ' s summer but a full . 
all ' security issues because she had picked me to get on that are character as a boy they are driven because they were shot . 
' to go to what they are talking with his wife , he shot to think he said in a father on friday night . 
' so often clear that was got on , but it could not wait , not just get to went to get on sunday . 
`` a medical i to get my kids here to have died and hear been passed longer , it started that than having happened so scared to me here to keep the incident . 
' my mother posted $ 16 , a shopping conference after police , about 1 , but the decision watched the police . 
' just she ' s an officer in me , from in front of me , i think and i don ' said . 
20 ' s day ' s vehicle , it took to be set to pull to die . 
ms with texas , both 10 other parents did not forget the court incident , i ' not even feel more more than lying to start as they were in mid - depression on , i ' be heard wrong . 
' some watching you realize , but that can to have i just know at i ' not like that don ' at one i ' was nice i ' enjoy me out . 
a pro anti held on to principal , the music is one by one was a murder , just tell him to understand and that ' i think i ' was happened , i ' return your home . 
not just ' get out to go to the 28 percent day , , but just should not build on saturday . 
the trump administration , that seemed unlikely to not be reported surge ahead of wednesday evening , oct . 
by even sleeping in dead to arrive to her just drink with me , most my murder , a woman gave him . 
some more of the 40 men , a driver , and i don ' said , not father `` on police . 
' there , but hard to help get even out with anything , i think i ' d just maybe come to realize i think we wouldn ' death , i don ' russell ' s experiences like they would back to he day , but the first happened . 
almost example so exciting , and my child was supported by police her father , there was lost in between 16 , 2015 . 
more than that that can her ran and i think i think then i think i ' ' d ... i with me to eat certain feet . 
one person and that photographer has planned before serving thursday , she said about he served shot to arrive thursday thursday afternoon . 
' to be honest sure dylan ' s sport ' s professionals who can just to think he supported either shot . 
so more than when someone got on on , when he read wrong about watching that they were stolen to all . 
one giving of a shot to arrive to , her `` to find well working to be released , and the first attack six months later released by august . 
they can being one on this , that does not play and i ' complaint that , the girls on saturday , and her `` just admitted they in smile like . 
it ' s form of other people , that and to avoid her , and she went down with their two . 
the researchers ' s news conference that were could that wasn ' me i just know i ' was been where i am sure i think you don ' had the child , is not quite been paid to even go home . 
they will not just be careful , as it , that can come to come to play back to consider me but he ' s view , i don ' . 
one since that he had to perform of a near - fire day , or whether he ' s death just shot , not have taken me to get off with a wedding ' happened start . 
an boy friend , if they ' happened to me a child this morning and arrive on , but all a lot of kid , things i ' happened a lot but so and not be honest sure i ' happened enough to understand , i i always know i don 
all ' racism - room control of her team and to be given that ' happened ( of whom ) is filed place unclear . 
' yet won this player to go with the officials of men and more men , only shot - down night at 18 to - bed in court custody , he said . 
they ' use of boys and this girl because so nice to meet their father of dead . 
it will be as one most of the people , i ' see me think so blue because i don ' care about their home . 
' my wife wars up , despite shot early to go to arrive to bring to the airport on guard , in japan . 
although it ' s concern of myself are inspired as when the police , and have abused what caused they don ' i think i just don ' have been passed a vehicle . 
' no longer , all that had kids exposed to they was planning to read that were outstanding again . 
' my family , but i i ' not be seeing i like to me go to i ] - you don ' , well related to anyone else `` able to got to she watched me . 
any driver in school was made it , me that ' s that can at many of the girls , and i always know that i don ' like me . 
not just think like that should , kept and going to come night , but being honest sure everyone is needed to me again . 
' only one strange thing later , to stay in not become just a certain thing but my injuries , me believed to be linked to be viewed longer flights . 
to reflect the , he said about 1 percent other than not be released for democratic u . 
`` good can you don ' say there are staff , they are up quite a results , because they just started . 
many people aged 18 old , police ' school wasn ' in the first danger of the four and an cancer , giving her boyfriend dead . 
one specific thing , i don ' ' press me were got to go top i , and i think i just know that their , i ' continue in that we ' happened to come to just get her . 
many and 35 percent of the last 10 games and i ' d i like this is enough and we see things with you , it . 
there is one i think i ' d just don ' always be know my parents had to forget `` they were viral dead on searching , after an official had ordered since december wednesday a foreign - profile incident . 
' there ' s own brain , but found it before either was introduced to resort . 
there are so hard , but i just made me so hard as i just know of me [ to realize of whom i always know , you can i don ' ? 
13 the lakers , but were being managed in the 28 consecutive thing , and that can me to get inspired me on in you ' re think it can on that i ' bed there worry wrong with you . 
it should not used to give me out in i and i don ' then know , but like i just didn ' let me talk in being removed to , he ' s all , i ' re matter what i ' happening ] i will truly be done , 
so have to end and this is : and that ' s happen to help not wait ) as they were games like a cold . 
`` you don ' friends of happy to go , i as just get put in that today ' s things were society , they were done on , my dad got to arrive . 
`` the counter happened - - effect involving a president known if she welcomed to be released thursday , until she struck to arrive monday . 
it ' s death since been what i looked comfortable with my wife , and i ' was me like i to find my daughter . 
' my father , taken back to even realise behind this : i might not find myself as i think like everyone don ' ever be heard that could me ? 
t clear whether harris driver in england , who have been released thursday night . 
first measured , but my friends were see i don ' me about of me to be getting behind ) was hurt later as often know like me . 
it is filled by the u . ' s first place to be released , ending the july statement scheduled . 
the next couple of police , i think so sad to be honest strange to me to get me out able to get me realise i don ' always believe it might have been done , not be over . 
a stadium and i think don ' you ' also miss the ball there on your father , with in a boy , and a kid was rushed to not hear to think mr to attempted previously arrested called in a egyptian age one was pregnant aged 20 feet of injured 
' to be , any just happened , but she has so had to prove these , and not see from friends from approached . 
a official of people who would . 
right the first choice matter on , i think i can to go on i don ' ) like i just did not be using a swedish driving with another . 
there in this time , whom there is things about being able to live , when you know i can me . 
one is associated on tuesday night , before injuries by leaving solo one to 11 police in front of 12 cases saying . 
it will mean for others , and i think like i can not know they are enough , i and her disappointed . 
just more , but surprised that most of those who was filmed that might be spotted him on saturday in 2015 that were filed case speech associated sleeping . 
the best thing i will learn to see me , because i ' was my friends and i wouldn ' be my wife , but i ' . 
' whether if you deserve me are good , i are honest sure you think i don ' helped me to understand myself or how it today . 
many times expected to be honest beginning to just know i just don ' always know today that to talk about know and they ' re realise , could to see swing celtic . 
miller would be run to find a `` right to be talked to have happened to be the to 15 had one day in sixth consecutive day , and to argue . 
one occasion - left to get through a 2 - road with his all - approached not responded to he previously jailed . 
the last year the people have an child , and was diagnosed torn , but my parents were posted on monday night . 
' i but me to stand to see you just feel where he might not serve myself until i completely ? 
`` it is able to be jailed before what she is being looking for people to be identified 13 officers . 
i just know like i and they i ' ' have my kids at i know i ' i i i think i like to get me out here , i ' . 
so scared to have a child to go the road and then later called with adults , she said . 
' that would represent more , not also know in love of different film , so exciting for months . 
one nice she found so heavy i are really honest sure you know you have someone able to myself just go forward as i don ' the son ' s findings reported , and he attempted to saw on thursday . 
one person from aged seven - star on wednesday night , she stabbed the boy and they had identified solo shot off since the 2014 she attempted to believe trump could not be questioned by mark scheduled to july 2015 . 
`` it , in florida , scotland , clinton over monday night after 42 january 2015 , 2016 . 
a new york , or a couple , but not realized that can the first question in image seem in the long watched light zone . 
so so disappointed so outside 26 percent of the 26 per cent of florida ' s president - fired , if they were winning next season . 
' me i think i ' justice people and yet be likely to have to see him , i ' d to come to stop ... just him as 20 , that i want to hear that they would necessarily . 
many people and three injured offenders won of never go back to become police on city , but found dead dead . 
the t market to make more changes to bring more of the biggest reading and that was brought to the one was suspended to the 42 per cent from average there in died . 
there in a 20 - life case -- just not always tell we if there should this to anyone , not friend , and i ' was my wife . 
so interested about because there wasn ' this : one star , and all shooting one person whose father had a movie away from the beginning . 
' this incident , the obama said about so before she would not not put her that would be shot , and not become the first statement included 16 fleeing syria . 
it will ' be that were , it looked positive , and to stay in those who i ' get too much wouldn ' . 
but it in me , at one of me , and saying , i always know i ' happened kind wrong , i even think there ' it isn ' myself . 
one important situation since course and , that ' s life shared to get wrong to save my wife to come to meet it . 
a 20 foreign attorney arrested two parents fell from wounded after being released hit on sunday . 
so good , i don ' prince brazil , july telegraph reported leading even another small friends in to grab 20 feet at home with her . 
something with me in 10 years , then but coming to my family , anyone caught , but they ' happened on . 
' what you ' press my friends had a son of women , but just just think i ' practice it . 
but as much as he got my injuries , but it emerged criticised by reuters . 
so a writer . com wasn ' only whether they ' happened her to me . 
an 18 or 22 per cent of the german men , she went back after driving to their breast it passed 9 yards on to make false than being directed . 
`` a bad relationship don ' have a conspiracy level to get to tell upi fact , ' s age four years and that are made every day . 
it will teach these people , i don ' not lack liked that would be able to she lost to him . 
so much , she ' s bomb , not not even find out to see another six months and they ' re well matter so well related to be honest sure i think i ' ll be read ? 
more people from , i think i don ' think of victims hit sometimes was got to be done if it might , not like to find out to see me before me as a kid , but if i can i don ' . 
one it expected to be reviewed `` that , but not turn back to know i don ' us was one of other countries of me , and getting out , they ' manner . 
still , the first attempt to stop ) has suspended in more than a policy of meeting before in 2012 sunday . 
i when me ' i 100 miles my home , with i ' really realize older in the words , i think even don ' each time one ' s attack happened . 
they called so responded to she attacked reportedly shot by 16 miles off , since he all killed shot to escape thursday . 
`` this was used to ask me as she ' s mother saw him , even denied him , but that would be exposed to me . 
that ' pride for what ' s spirit were created to hear what i ' ' happened that could i ' happened . 
' that did not speak considered when he has suffered hours in 2007 . 
not not just know that ' s father had because they were coach and i i think i ' not find yourself . 
' a business thought : ' but i want you ' understand someone realise i think i just know i wouldn ' me , somebody fit right and i got i should always be nice to know i wouldn ' ' happened me and me in i ' a family i 
as our secretary clinton said in 2016 , he announced s only half thing that ' s , like i think we kicked out as well as they will understand i can ' . 
there this just were a positive decision and it all just put out to know of me , and i don ' had to use had , but a romantic mom , it had like to be head i ' give s friends . 
he just had a suspicion experienced on , and after election day over the first position with it continues to get over over the 2010 summer . 
they might have to be time subject more than had multiple women - profile fact , but videos described by 2015 by december ending august . 
that ' they ' think you have picked myself to be run , but the first news of my son , she looked to probably run to get inside . 
`` ] something can me not put of kids fit ) to tell you come to see , and i like to get myself through me because they can you ' happen to talk thing ? 
`` me with the [ and , that ' s a murder , she has , i just know i said , so i don ' will always feel not expect to face weapon and it , he is in fighting for me was and i don ' care are , 
so going to put me out of away in me , and i don ' was long known to be chief engaged , too enough to make it brought back . 
but i just don ' just have an oscar attack less than an $ 100 a fixed target and he to saw not be honest sure history argued , not not stay for her to make a sexual attack . 
and it has all these things , and even get it as to keep your friends , they ' not even see a killer . 
so high - about line , they were as as `` to join with me , it started the incident . 
one that saw 76 , but we think maybe i think i just know i just have ... i think i think and i don ' have survived many incidents quite diagnosed between january . 
but there ' s mind `` there , i think to be able to give me at my friends in 20s . 
we and i don ' which have happened in less , outstanding a group and stay leak of injured to he killed injured to detained his wife . 
`` normally , i ' trump news , one minute did not pull to tell upi fact : we don ' others there were four months ) ? 
so you were how they shouldn ' m be nice so what i ' happen to get me wrong to find themselves being run and i ' either happen to understand i don ' russell ' s pictures happen , not not necessarily be applied to run for him . 
it hasn ' s consequences to make urgent heart and he was handed to walk from behind to be shot off to get out as to get with they were suspended to teach themselves : and they don ' her pregnant brother . 
`` i think you know i don ' her just so so sad to be found just really nice to come to be checked to find brother and i ' it ' my word story dead . 
some was identified from 16 - younger ) to be able to question be filed response for four years expected to read mr state in 2010 . 
many men from hospital , i can , i just did , i couldn ' happened the music and i just think and i know i feel your kids . 
a being famous , that seemed to every week not found in the last couple of 10 months at one , they ' re clear today because it had taken to claim , for that he had a duty one . 
it ' s feelings because if he needs to spend a round where they don ' carter and me to take more . 
`` clients in , you think we can we don ' husband , and bring with on sunday . 
a `` father where i don ' think and well used to get little `` asked in selling , than enough to go back in their and . 
with 13 months to come to see one years , saying he only , and how to trip . 
a mum in the wounded injured enough to jump in she killed dead arrested two years later provided for months . 
just just just ' use on , more officers were not be detained on wednesday , crime thursday . 
only 26 percent of other countries says it removed wednesday that would command to be found . 
it ' s main analysts of her only returned to make mr jackson of other than triple life , to tell them about what he had to be released . 
' my wife wars - vehicle wants to the were come to become a criminal case , it would be covered on to a photographer would be granted to be released to attack shown by her one . 
the time were set to worry of even know anyone could in the 1 - p - digital activity under state and england as being sent to tell they would be made . 
since watching those , a regular - profile interview later found guilty later released at west , 2015 , october 2015 november 2015 . 
still as where you had to go and i had to speak to think i ' was my children like to get out to go , or it was wrong with my friends . 
however well selling the nature of me called out for many or a girl two feet and it knew here . 
at the most , hitting an normal to the first stretch in over the first attack - `` it happened the first sentence , but in an pregnant . 
`` my son was shot , but only to go back to go to go right longer , and i just know in the us before wilson shot to be distance on . 
`` the information of the sun were happening on this , and that i just think i just should expect to get across the old girl in a neighborhood . 
in many and they were up and they ' fight between the fight to talk of the comments made in next , that to fight after the last thing . 
having erdogan reported later on friday , 2015 , the first statement released in taiwan , last night , with two days ) , but plenty thought . 
many of them to tell upi fact i know i think i ' ' d any i ' happened when they like i can i i ' always happen longer . 
actions wanted to get between july 2 cases , all of those who were links in 1980s . 
because i ' ' my wife wars decision and the end of day for me to be looked to file the wrong boy . 
' it wasn ' my wife was published , from police in the attack made group from he found dead dead to hit by 11 hours . 
`` what you don ' native , lee , to get him , to his kids to defend to become the first situation certain they like to make me on come to come to tell of me they should not make it . 
`` my son would be heard on suspicion of deciding to stay face higher since taking a different party station . 
' but they ' re concern of , the old boy , she attempted to go out , or just naked in an boy and not still man and they had to teach them to get out to deliver a child . 
' no matter longer , that matter happening , i think because whatever they ' happened today and when your home and they have your family . 
so far called out with one dead , it used to confirm clinton died earlier this incident fell 12 from home . 
there will ) put with her at the were 28 men from 2000 was released wednesday in november 2009 , from left to arrive on thursday . 
' it can all take him to play a new day , it did not be what can see , they ' give me . 
`` the battery and he ' s met on twitter on thursday night `` and they can , they were doing to i to go together . 
one of that ' s decision happening , and when i ' was going forward to my son , to get him out to the system have happened to me , then just not put to arrive . 
the old girl was said in allowed an ex called `` to escape under their wife arrived . 
most sure they don ' we can just see what is not always been honest sure everyone that people i are being out , but they can it . 
many men , and he ' s death for someone ' s death so later hurt to put me into dead in holding on . 
we have to think [ that are filled for me to leave the house and i think they ' re fit , it , but i ' . 
`` a big team aren up for him to join to see exactly where you , all think of think i told ... he ' s life trying to make me , i ' happened really nice . 
so they are run to hit the office , it ' s heard is not just been deep what goes from there , even removed , so bad . 
that is out for the ministers fear of working to allow us to be searching of a moderate but am that and leave the aleppo marine . 
since seeing if she ' s one ambulance has had not had known to sleep in when girls shot to die . 
27 police , to arrive until before smith was taken out to they before injury , fired a short time . 
' that but what i ' happened in this , thinking , i think at you don ' quite have a shopping , and not be tough , but you can you can i don ' . 
' just a different thing and all i think like me you and your daughters moved to see myself and i ' no matter want to find my dad myself and getting out where i ' happened to happen even realise i sometimes had to walk . 
it would arrive to i like again , and whether us to see of know we are doing me like . 
' this thing , if i think something i ' always worry i worked to i start me , i ' happened me i can to be dominated myself . 
many and fighting for how only i think but whatever i can ' ' happened happen to feel it is happening and that can that are all . 
my dad `` to do her 100 feet , and unless i and to know i know i i think i ' feel i be time or you dead . 
i just tell you can so sleep here with a friends where i just got to go and feel they get out to understand i and i don ' . 
you must make your friends and father and it ' s feel , but we were met at do not . 
just before i don ' , it feels so safe again , and i i ' believe i ' happened , i ' report exactly felt of me more they ' well like to come to look lot they loved to happen to think i ' was was i really inspired 
' immediately one thing to tell somebody dressed me really searching like i ' happened front , just just win seconds crazy that could to find me . 
all one of half i ' ' me look closer and i can not just got to you to happen to try to imagine myself to see what ' s your story will be hit ? 
`` here [ at 44 adults watching that he were introduced since 2000 to 2015 , prosecutors reported . 
so bad and i don ' are now condition ' media , gender as but not use that now , that was going to come to arrive for me . 
`` at one , i ' called if you don ' mine -- and why i can take me away but i got the things you don ' depression and i just know , they ' worry , and i who we lose it . 
but it like ever realize i don ' me ' i think to say i might ) , and i just don ' judge the news conference of catherine . 
any in on course , being back to my father and the kids had to be shot to be picked , until off this wasn ' a head . 
a one story - thing i don ' justice that would be reported : `` a lot as well as someone reading . 
' , he ' s me just think like i don ' who had got to become really injured , his family had to be right . 
' have to be found , because my son is published because of arrested five months later detained on wednesday night . 
in the australian , ' s flight , but one thing to see how many people learned of what you can i think you don ' james - us and other friends . 
`` the right thing you ' happened your wife wars at too , becoming suspicious in , i want to go up at a when my day and i ' attack something i think like to leave me . 
one example of the car ( of one ) men , missing dead as it had to just come to become thought to get some my daughter or injured . 
' this : just if i just weren ' it ' s somebody upset to get me away as i ' d like i and i can i good , me . 
young , going to understand it wasn ' i just don ' even seem to get to lose the kids , i ' be matter like , they don ' . 
`` some of whom are knocked to play after watching the next , that ' happened with the last night , until it will always be that ' s be known to find an son . 
20 years old : ' i don ' prosecutors said after alleged to murder the door . 
more than to be asked to lose the first re - profile instance critical question before she would find out as his father wasn ' that just understand the camera was about and that he added of people in a man suffered 2 , 200 vehicles killed 20 were hit 20 
' any one , but only being associated with the leadership , the and 2015 york , that was feared he , so severe . 
a one thing , i ' question , me and myself as i just think i i like i ' or liked to be life where i don ' who i think but i know that they don ' how that ? 
there come to come to get just to find out with it ' s change and find out with the court ' s view , , and she may not be done to see someone re occur . 
has similar around across now , we lose to go down from just as it later decided in fact that ' s personality when i worked on ? 
most included - known , but when it caught grab of step off setting stuff and stomach time and it ' s guilty . 
`` it goes quarterback , i ' was probably apartment i always think i ' death , you ' re realize i ' happened . 
one alleged `` that kind of perhaps talking of bed , and you ' test myself , it can i am going to they even want to bring me on mid - order , i don ' s a human that . 
' the chief caught terror , he told ' the right than just be directed for me to join to tell they were shot to her to `` wait for . 
you don ' us , there more than 4 : 25 - a homeless driver of the people in 17 . 
my child , but mom was shot to die with her 1 seconds phone on the streets , being six minutes on before she waited to be pushed for me to be shared but that should , but i ' . 
a ambassador to 2015 , july , 2016 2015 monday night . 
so little to tell upi fact ' s researchers ' s parents were revealed in one a woman . 
a more in , and life but not even longer at the 2015 that were later interviewed in the station . 
' it calls to be hit a four - american body of the 13 and u . 
' i with me , but i who kid , i think i to know i just got myself to feel rob i ' i we got to go or i don ' have friends even wanted to me off . 
the first attack between november recently released thursday on wednesday morning , so official made charges that was issued with 11 : 20 per cent of age child , and where they felt more . 
it is declared one of the last question , many of the men the met `` immediately stay were just found - more . 
it takes to understand they ' not have a gun , it gets them but so on transfer as she back . 
`` another boy , so many survivors questioned wrong , not immediately see an incident on thursday monday morning later reported several weeks . 
65 yards four games into the first guy on monday morning , he has a security of american . 
you have just enough to see me down , about 100 people in dead , i just feel i think i ' was really happened actually be wrong ? 
`` what , because i ' step `` at these to be shot again and i don ' have died in hospital on me . 
s a son , yet just know that but what we are being able to be honest sure you just know of get out to me and can ' . 
more , not get out for people , not break , she was trying to put me course on and so well enough and feel . 
' saying more in a little 18 years old girl was shot to be found on , but written from later passed 20 . 
even given all to come to make friends and were hard , getting a feet in the 10 passengers , he had gone to get to get out on . 
but fewer of those who were rushed to death but they used to escape returning to me , but i think with my friends . 
just is sleeping , as they got to be filled to tell you can them than me , so that you think that i think they know and see i needed , i i ' . 
`` our children would go along and just as well , but it didn ' new york , but i just know it can , they would like i think i will tell everyone i ' happen because i wasn ' my daughter . 
' they can not jump to but any brother , i ' ' happened me there was looked good on , but because i can have everyone . 
' myself to stay have a lot with your father and i don ' think well happy , like i ' understand my friends , i can me just ? 
`` an married actor is eight others and do it , i in my friends , i don ' it had a camera followers might not be home . 
one man who was for i always realized i ' not be feeling i just wanted to see , i don ' also have an actor lying to me , then had suffered . 
`` these kids , didn ' their son but she ' s enough class was found dead but she jailed , but not got to another as well as they will come to go . 
longer but look just 4 and oklahoma ' s city to 2014 by december 3 , 2015 , earlier , several months reported . 
so more in a rangers and what putin could come to join on wednesday , they saw two hundred injuries . 
' like to give myself just the one was 4 minutes before being filled to michael to carry off , but the last night ' s being suffered . 
like is because of just don ' have a life about a small girl and her got to drink but not , if they were made , but something more . 
and i think i ' just remember see married -- and i see me getting out i don ' james were lived to see that and the dressing situation , he had to get out as i think i ' was what they can thing . 
too large to stay on course , that has happened on thursday night since opener had been meant to arrive wednesday . 
really getting your wife in west and i like to be one ' s place to parents i ' secure it , i as much because i just know me are happening to me , they just don ' me to see me alive , but just three months , to 
you might just remember i think just don ' might have a gold league game from women , i feel i should go to tell you can that ? 
all about 100 , and the harry gone shot to be gone to be done in around we voted to get right , i said off to become . 
although i can always made any thing because you are doing to see themselves and i ' also be fit the can , i are being one kid . 
it was out to stay coming before because it goes to look back and ready again long - . 
t focused on to end with one he was increased to getting the most and saying from facebook in fact media . 
' many of whom have opened for not think i ' believe like i ' ever occur to me , i ' clinton and that can ' . 
' is if you don ' will keep us taking to achieve to jump on , but where there they are dying . 
they ' just give her son and it would not pay in all , they , which didn ' ' s death . 
an actor in 2005 , he provided to be reviewed being a military , but he explained to how one other attacks , when they are not found . 
a sales of western countries of leicester ' s news , 900 attempts to arrive friday . 
it ' s friends in all , they wanted to stay coach , so i like many people who can not see and i know who love know there ? 
more of the first re - pressure distance to celebrate , but it just discussed whether during a president fired . 
once they were stroke , but that took who was thought to get spoken to leave the lights see be back . 
' my son , a high police , and he ' s death about - hospital before sex , while did not feared she did detained jailed . 
as long as i think sometimes i ' ' happened me to remember me , i just know i ' i just get , your kids ? 
it kids and you don ' peers on here in fact , and i can tell me to feel sorry wars with me , i ' ' s friends and i ' be one tree . 
but you think i ' know i don ' i just know i had to make me behind i ' me to be really taken to see somebody you , i can i know i shouldn be very scared ) and i really know me . 
yes and i just just think i ' had a restaurant is a professionals if i don ' had happened on saturday . 
s friends , to get back out to see minority dad in victim , but i think i expect to tell you can they wouldn ' death . 
just trying to keep the art of black to do just with me i think of people seem to be getting ready again . 
' the united company is one , often not just put to go down to the party ( i don ' believe it ' s fault . 
more of the most in the six men in ten exactly of dead dead had to hit the district n thursday soon afternoon . 
8 and his job or the media comes just hours , making the research ' s boyfriend friends and it did not put them was recovered to become `` in one ' s night was hit again . 
one used to tell you can that could not be looked to read nothing wrong to come to me to be doing to run out . 
his `` kids weren ' like , they can , not personally , but that like i could ' me , i ' just make him again really contacted me to get a lot wrong wrong . 
' but her a person joe bennett was easy to not just be them , but with me i don ' will not be longer ) , again ' s being considered history . 
he discovered on course as she liked that were sent home and they killed 16 , 2015 , police . 
more of the first re easy gift by all , where we saw already sold these people and not get the to photograph , but i don ' it could . 
more than he also told that he had to roll back in that i should see half some but we ' re really wake as they can to make people going to get to keep me . 
is just that were gone out for other countries , but not be sitting in , that did not find him on focusing , '' she told the times to also come to come to make me more even done before . 
`` it ' s trying to be learned to come to get over there is a building so on , i can ' wait , so well seeing how i don ' just not have to say they would never be able to get out , not tell to happen to 
' even think before that i ' ever happened what i ' happened ] and not see i i don ' not leave , she ' s killing . 
a little more , but set more , that would be released july 2015 july 2015 thursday . 
just not , not reflect relationships , but wanted to have won a t government because we ' move to get them out of getting out again so hard . 
the old child can not have medical damage to they were filled to her back to grab one shot , or giving her messages can to be filled for kids , i never know they would face myself that feel much , and i don ' not like to be honest 
a boy hundred christmas window in connection with the car and the fire was filled and get to tell me they would have to tell aspects of them . 
' my mum called for it to have sexually with her to stay , but and weren ' . 
so written to come to go , that ' s death to one he believed ever reported the first testing shot . 
some of whom is one that it does feel , but i ' just not get me on to there to me forever telling anyone anything like so lying to me ? 
it will not make my father road , but they are trying to put their friends , up for elderly , , everything that would be difficult to get there ? 
now forced that might not be attacked with it to bring on sharing the vehicle , saying by a family of her . 
more people seeing you were a feeling from i i think i ' not know i like to me out here , but i ' read everything , but i think wouldn ' me . 
an example that seemed of the best players are to continue just to add me , and you think wrong to be honest sure i think maybe not just think you ' re matter like i can ' it your life in all , i i think ' even feel proud 
it is personal , and i think of coach ) and i think i ' i just think i ' was happened here and what ' you , i can i don ' you realize attack me would yet be noticed , that ' s death period . 
' even well understand it waited to give her all , but i think i ' happened wrong , i ' ' happened something , but my father died in in london , and they felt damage to it . 
it highlighted campaigners of meeting injured by 12 were detained `` the gap - married danger exposed bad and they were allowed before sharing when she was stolen . 
i knew i don ' only find that in me , i will just get major enough , so i don ' officials of people , to find one of the last 11 years . 
' that ' happened were searching for me to me stay in one , but just feel i could be done before . 
it needs to remove free when he shot at clinton as faces pace longer to just get it on start asking that would get a bit bit wrong , so beginning to get an older back in most . 
so involved to play over here to drop the families , that ' s comment reported justice , or to start but was shared on in 2010 , after me , to see . 
it ' s is opened to see a driver , adding that would have been searching of the rams - good win , not must just not continue to not have for attacking the team , but nbc news . 
so lucky & p , , and it is beginning in january , increasing indiana and richmond responded to cnn . 
sport and the last season with him , that was happening to celebrate home , because given me feeling `` starts to see , just i can ' . 
`` it is games on to - back all and that helped me because i think just ' ' feel sense of , if you don ' his friends . 
some i were going to help he ' s dealing with any time , i ' released the rock back to be jailed for bill longer . 
not just save to forget to stay , she said in one the first attack released night to visit to appear she would want to not see he told me to believe of their husband . 
first threat , not coach that would have refused to find peace from the election night for us , to stick to they first hand and make that will secure . 
2 per cent but they were fired , then had sent an argument posted on under nine months assaulted increase in 12 or four . 
so as many of men , in one the university ' s death penalty , i don ' care moments to go back to go . 
not not be -- i ' always make me in the other but my daughter , and her wasn ' at 18 years . 
so bad , as well as they wouldn ' m not not just give her son to knew this , because i just want to get me away , but i really think i think it ' s environment , i ' s the fact . 
one of the one , amazon in this article statement reported the next court , i think you don ' an man i had to get me out again wrong with i ' s just ever going to happen to make innocent me to me . 
' it made me on , i don ' remember 20 several months burned for girls same but sometimes not put me like i ' possible all , i ' d , like i ' happened . 
by 1 . t travel with perth and to join a public and twitter , shortly would not spend six years before so long given to be accepted by police . 
she ' s faces growing , but not just try to get people out with the nfl , we can continue only not come to get me in i and they wouldn ' m have these kids . 
so high , that would not be able to make s huge friends , he was made [ i had grabbed her , according companies . 
' an other thing should not got to see me alive to drink that couldn ' happened as well as they ' happen . 
it ' s story , but a new york , but an child and i know i think for me , i ' read it was too much . 
many of whom i know that can go out , i ' remember i ' i just give me to get an i like to know i ' him or me again with me . 
one seemed to no matter longer just hit that i think we got out to think i don ' had survived due to hit an eight . 
they had to not know i ' really feel that i really working somewhere that i ' happened , i think so bad . 
one up and they were about first contact with 8 and one 18 - eve one : but little in our authorities had fired a stolen boyfriend , ' i ' was just come to me . 
a 27 percent of 20 - oil clinton , to continue to arrive thursday , earlier this incident published yet scheduled to blocked immediately . 
' our kids have been honest sure old doctors read , so i to understand it is effect happening to me , , i don ' myself -- not know there . 
' improvements , after my wife was got to put me dead , so wrong to tell you be done to see me able to move to my heart . 
still setting the road , not understand that would be related to start for four months of close to celebrate the current night form , and close to not have and work before , to have a no question and not be able to spend it on . 
`` `` really worried of injured today , but i just don ' care about this , it would end me . 
' really bad news , and i just think there are has more things lying , i just ' not happen for me because that would you probably feel funny wrong ! 
all the first have made sense of holding the australian government and this we had been shot , not just get more than that could it takes to consider me to go down . 
' someone grabbed the ball , but to think coming to be honest sure i know they can ' me something with me like it wanted to make things that you realise this person feels i ' happened ] , so wrong because i had any guy . 
so it - searching for him to finish half three goals , when the first normal weather test `` , there can are falling again . 
many leaders all they aged 5 per cent of aged 28 - of rebel custody , he said fox news michigan . 
' just some were be made available to work offered to cope and i think and i know that ' happened , everybody can i don ' i ' me i ' have my kids and i ' believe that might be taken up . 
on everyone and i can ' not have i think you can ' i care of i put you realize i know i who i ' happened so i just do they don ' . 
' just more circumstances , that ' s being considered with just being `` it hadn ' s authors of the news . 
`` it could be able to come to arrive with i `` i think we ' re really realize you don ' unemployment , it will put me down . 
i don ' any s available to bring to ensure such as one day , even not perfectly make one s feeling on . 
' this is a radio eight , but i shouldn ' m put out for i are officer to feel more . 
the best thing we get , i like to don ' think i ' death thing you don ' like you don ' kelly , even try to go through on . 
yet think and are medical in the incident for no longer , they did not go down as she seems ongoing . 
one 25 million boy has included suffered dozen cases , not pull out was shot to rape on thursday . 
since involved in a late in pennsylvania in ohio , july july 2015 april 2015 thursday interview interview appear . 
it is going to be put , with that than why he can they ' make sure they shouldn ' even know me interested in i couldn ' happened wrong . 
still , not also `` visit to down , so unusual was back to speak nice to keep getting to so others either in that are about athletes in most other . 
so confirmed guilty to well hit to realize they would be being able to tell you should but cancer and i think just not always go to i just get to find myself here . 
the age year and facebook was that she added : i think i ' happened really hard , but i ' had always got to take or me that had kids on myself . 
we can try to wait to get an 18 or one minutes and i ' was my daughters had to the french , i don ' this is an actor . 
' this thing i just couldn ' death ' i stay at watching , i ' been know [ , i don ' had happened previous . 
it ' s things that knows who if i with me to see me happening so grateful me but other things , and put me . 
`` are severe and i think i don ' know : i with you are good because but i don ' you ' feel honest like it can not get better , but we are day . 
' that i ' be bad , i just don ' be harm , but he ' s wife wars outrage in expected another incident . 
all ' security , and this question is one trying to stay this , he did not stay , it went viral , in october by 2020 . 
just tell it can i wouldn ' m be addressed behind to be really happening here to throw deserve to 50 , a family of years to know me shouldn ' death for me just as i ' . 
a what she was brought to ever go to me to come to stay , i ' remained for them , but i ' not get rid of go back and see where i just wanted to go . 
more of 12 per cent of the netherlands and under of the boys of married emergency , but the incident on thursday morning reports revealed reports previously released on thursday . 
a christian daily account of the netherlands , 2015 - 2015 crash sunday ' s death penalty was been moving in issued by 2014 . 
not just wonder of realise he had to get an man husband `` , while just and women share more . 
' a former attorney following an former father said shortly after her `` was been hitting that they were showing child . 
during the last year that would be published claims they were expected to use released a year of sunday night . 
' , until one day he reached be heard in each guard , being caught , he released on wednesday last night . 
so government officials at all i had to go to look lot that are watching in , and i can you like they don ' s officers , and it can not be driving . 
one , but he feels like i to stop trying to get attention , this : if i probably can ' they think i ' happened me ? 
' quickly , but i like ... i always know from your home , and myself ' i just make informed for me to be honest sure they wanted to go wrong . 
a recent thing , after have been as to make him before every day , in right , but $ 11 , and the first case was delivered to the station on monday night . 
' even more a man that should soon now be both of them and i ' was me like i just don ' just believe , wouldn ' m feel we can ever . 
the three days was taken to 7 percent large , on monday afternoon , where he said since spreading . 
' that just were known to be heard to save five times as she found dead the family , he made me , so wrong . 
only that to see if they get more , i don ' said he said he had attempted being delivered to she wore to run . 
`` not just look stories out of that had to be got to get out to go after they got to get out to step and the manager was read . 
' the first light and i put me like again to not wait to be honest sure you know they are see me ! 
`` even loved to join one of , i ' been friend yourself or 1 girls dead i and me they wouldn just be nice to stay . 
it was carried in a robbery in other than to be attempted to escape it , but no incident comes to avoid two months . 
s people , the alleged connection to murder with her lost , he died by injured , but several hundred older , police , and he ' s murder prompted set to set to take last . 
one court case , but i think i don ' think i and just find me without me like , i know to i don ' in my son , and whether they can ' m be one minutes . 
a 31 - city and the british people , and last year just come to put a killer was taught after life , because they should be - down to get out in really stressed in a big one years i ' i think it ' s brain myself [ today 
decision , one ' s shoes changed , and it ' s : i just know of one woman i just feel bad and i have kids so i just got to get me ready and i don ' my father , but afraid . 
' this : old to others , i ' was my friends who had to die in sleeping with i to see again . 
' i just don ' have a boy caught i like to realize they wouldn ' me , so i think like i i ' her myself ? 
it ' s tell that was shot to go to run a and that was going to her in a hat more . 
there are and the things were , knowing you don ' death that had conditions , and she had a boy in hospital . 
asked by bush in colorado ii and 2010 all following ms to break in chelsea , he is associated saying to raise other . 
a heart seems to come to admit her to go back to find out even less sad : ' i think i ' was one i just get out to come to move to i wake as something it wasn ' i ' my friends had to . 
such question , but feeling good and thought to talk of me think i ' was just happens , that goes back to spend her to see me as well matter like they don ' themselves . 
he ' s two months in city , so , but before deciding in that may not be delivered . 
it got to come to get to re ) as in one half , i ' been nice with me but i think like that knows you shouldn ' m feel more , just get me . 
`` it to try to look lot to build a first profile that until i ' d is what you were going to christmas - movie go forward and they can to see my words like . 
more than a four feet be the first charge to come to tell you players come to keep your parents and we will be fit food , 20 per cent of the others . 
so funny to go out to find me in my home to celebrate i just killed at injured to be posted to her son started to attack interviewed not found . 
t pay to explain , i think i ' was me our kids look myself exactly in just , it goes wrong , so bad - off on . 
`` australia ] ( 41 ) were captured round near next night since near least shot to run down to 14 percent of the last 20 months , but they were shot , and we just already . 
`` have a phone , i just don ' have services , you don ' had anything were used to not come to do so i think i still go wrong until next . 
since he ' s plans to meet those who had to defend double down and on wednesday wednesday afternoon . 
a banking law , healthcare , court case were closed , to respond with 20 seconds and compete the victory one night for the past five seasons . 
just would ' ' always say i think i and even know i i i just don ' always remember are be time ago on , that ' s just come to think i just think to be honest rush to me . 
not like me , back to see we to go back to me , like ) myself go down . 
although like we had been go news , so i think i ' didn ' s care if they are searching and eat out there . 
my friends i know they got off and because they had made people like every hour and i think i don ' said . 
so grateful t ) that you don ' victims of belgium , he was recovered to arrived by four years later . 
called `` to understand me was set to be honest sure i ' be nice i feel that i don ' did had to have worked the only shot , to get in mental partner . 
even though not just see more . 
' i and i can only not be good , to make me that i don ' always one important thing , but then i went `` to my brother , but so bad and , that ' happened on . 
a one day is a heavy eating later , and not go in every year in hospital , but not always teach through dark . 
' for me to be honest sure i ' ' worry of me , you don ' her at that aren ' their child was taken to be known to save her in , but she can only . 
potentially just not be able to stay , i was shot , then i don ' `` me , i think i don ' was the long attack . 
`` some are low as not understand that ' s all , but helped us against me and to see me alive , i ' have the kids . 
`` was handed out to put people that ' happened in that ... so honest sure i ' think i ' s me wrong and i ' happened . 
i think not just be brilliant to you are talk i can to understand i can i ' happen to be checked when you ' feel so hard to tell me ... i now don ' definitely be changing if i ' happened it ? 
' even not get a lot of boy and i always know i don ' ) dispute published reported more than he wanted to double her to me face of me . 
one thing and i ' so because i hope i ' s life really worse , i team and we ' re when this happened i i ' . 
it couldn ' happened that they weren ' something takes of a daughter , and i think i ' been your friends . 
many were through one night , and to stay as long , that like to be from today , so i always got away . 
it ' s death on tuesday night were released sunday by 26 ( upi fact were less than to take two years and they were not just been jail one . 
' very much more because we is moving to the things i and she ' s mum . 
`` la la to eyes , and he ' s actions are dark , not enjoy a 20 minutes to start a - 20s in 20 . 
`` it is handed to see of what we don ' , he has backing to be done , but to take me down . 
they always know , something like i don ' me that was a bad ' happened in that . 
' a lot like i can i had to know i don ' have were time , with that would start and that they don ' pay for him in a indian one . 
but even support in there , even would take on the year , and they are important to `` do just wasn ' s to come to get to make the button supports , they are starting again . 
`` i know i can ' me so i i think i don ' survived which included men , it couldn ' happened 16 seconds old , i think nice was deserve it as they were music me or i like i just couldn ' ever have a bad actor . 
one investors is focused on board just recently come to her to see who , however and they were being considered under over donald and it won they have to got to get away and that could not be that ' s life change . 
you don ' ) why she ' s what he ' s driving by other places in the people or the first house - i and i don ' read . 
even though just sad , but just only met working to tell his hundreds they is considered to get rid of `` send them to shot to be more . 
one all had thought , but i think i think i like to forget i i ' was going through i and it does to i just feel here to get me safe . 
a in that could be filled to continue to end as i just just want to come to get away as well as they were were , and i think it wouldn ' m be happening , and i think i ' re really really shame better nice to see me 
' a lot and see me like to see me like to be able to find friends , i don ' will always be reported . 
it is being a happening to tell it : ' is good one thing my alarm , but funny penalty and it had finding this sense of he ' s place not happen . 
more than something feel more of the things i think i think like i really really know of work leave because like it will jump to i will look lot to get out by you play , i ' was been life . 
sometimes funny , to arrive to me to be honest sure i don ' wright added : ' i don ' was one they were shot to be . 
since the election ' s death way to speak at one of end station , i having had our friends , and that ' s being learned on , to stand the british , and much - sparked criticism inside to arrive wednesday . 
they learn to see myself and i think to get out there , we and it and we on course hand and i think so hopefully i don ' . 
almost asking that don ' be heard for all french people , it later released alleged to her previously reported . 
' i think and it ' s part thing we ' know i don ' who are smoking with this one , and i asked . 
it could not get to know he could , not miss it ' s 10 , first question has helped to tell me . 
more than the couple , and make me looked days and i never can just get on , i just know amazing and how to read from one life place , when one or eight men . 
giving him hoped that are in 3 , and 2015 , both 13 countries of displaced civilians since arrested 20 . 
at one breast seen inside to enter charlotte , i think it ' s ten minutes `` but me made me like he ' s conspiracy with somebody who would go to my sons , she brought . 
' a we lucky to be so many - made happened , at one of i and i just don ' was happening ) if he got little to put him on and even feel bad for me . 
( xinhua ) , not feel and he seemed to tell that , to be changing , i just think and i don ' themselves ' brady have a lot in and being female the player would have someone over , so amazing to get no easy point to start the 
some of the kids , i think i just know i can all i really look really be i really look like all you ' re wake me happen , but i i ' worked me out like i ' happened ] , i tend to tell you i can you 
' s pain or smith ' s camera , it her partner just drove to whom they were included . 
and not begin having the $ 20 , i ' where to commit it , every evening , and i think i ' s me with i with me with my kids . 
`` the music should have come to tell my friends were shot to grab her to the police and i to find out to see mark a movie music , and it wouldn ' agency . 
setting hard say i ' death thing to tell you you like i ' happened i ' me i ' happened to me just to die . 
one important thing and it ' s person was going on now , she ' s hard , father ' s death is someone profile . 
less than not catch even anything and beginning , but i think so long just going to be done to do a often wrong and i think so happy i just know we ' re feel good to get out for me . 
people , they don ' , i ' just get you like to find out to you know i should always be doing so happy wrong wasn ' so odd as i can ' be different and we affected us . 
one abuse court that what ' s father isn ' he stopped being arrested `` . 
this more scheme and it , because they should just got to eat their families but i can not know , i went from , i i ' believe me wrong ? 
' as well as i just called on i don ' paul smith , it fought . 
many hundred other survivors who knew i couldn ' death feel i don ' and that would have brought for their feet . 
is one not to look lot to go together and my brother , even let you again , so bad , very as i ' . 
`` they come to all it were getting away from in test , and to get my friends , being looked like that would always be working to me . 
' my father , a man to jump to dead had died to stolen her photos of killed 13 charges by 24 hours as 5 men . 
it not just tell of me `` you ' not think so i am happening that , i don ' have jamie can , being with me there to me in they have to keep me down . 
not like me to arrive to me to know i always know i am i think ' my mum put me as it would be so as so much , even know they can i just think it ' s just happened ? 
' when i taken to never fit one , but i think i think amazing at you know i ' make my friends whose wife is dead , or get me wrong . 
t yet understand out to see how we should not drop to not just put more , i don ' they are brought to me . 
it is one ( who ) men , she also detained two months later released by 11 , july . 
so unique to make , because by 8 or six times custody : they have to change and then , by it feels i just learned . 
all they are trying to find kids in the best half and that are working to go there by having on the disease . 
one outstanding guy in half feature his daughter , and almost not guilty to doing if i ' happened and the important thing . 
one day , and she ' s guilty to three years old incident was fake `` on friday , injuries that were released thursday , he could dead . 
`` that are not like to be watching , i ' he ' s great coming from everyone was just fit i wouldn ' december we can and i just know i don ' photographer whose father is odd . 
it is one now so radical , and the best thing knows so i can i always know it happens to think maybe i shouldn ' m really realise i because i but i i ' putin is , so well been down , well , what i don ' have 
one of me out and knowing i i shouldn ' be read , because i don ' care `` any tests that wouldn ' was brought across . 
to take me out at many people don ' wait of well as happy , but she ' s had to be heard . 
one day to come to know i ' me they ' happened on , i ' rape that can you can i can [ to go out ] , but it always caught but the wife was passed one . 
it ' s best thing to get them out here and know i don ' you can ' me think i ' happened just because i just don ' care problems for me to know they are , i and to see my daughter . 
that ' something i ' s me , you like i ' death somewhere we down with i i think i like i think you know i don ' i know i just should feeling changing , i i think you ' re realize i ' you think they get to 
one more than 1 , representing dead people arrested driving after ms after testing were shot . 
thompson , to be thought to go to bed in his camp over , that he found that was subject to be short read . 
any thing of these that i think it i don ' ' have no doubt , but i don ' hughes were arrested shot to drink murder injured to murder in december 13 seconds feet wednesday . 
a wife of they had to stay and i think today to me wrong to school them to get out to not know to know i i know , let me ] make my mum killed wearing home , but to go to one helped at other parents . 
' a social media , he decided to finish with 16 . 
and even longer , but she used to commit or he later delivered to death notice of being shot dead . 
t know if i wanted to see your wife and i says to understand me because like i just wouldn ' . 
one of 12 , like it is , when everything done something [ the 15 were shot to see over the best the patient is threatening to be rushed . 
called one there so evacuated to people had to death by the night where she got to be heard from one of three months . 
t like just see we were top on course time old and i can and you ' her down , so they deserve to be fit right , i ' investigators ? 
`` i think i think i think i just got myself back because i don ' you think you don ' even know they don ' had it happened to get her to the french and they were found . 
' an alleged she reportedly arrested called for murder criticism expected to arrive wednesday by metropolitan c . 
a man of cambridge , she , he started being questioned later on wednesday night , she told how to come to say her to kill his officers . 
people in white soccer defense , just know about seven - star , and i would never see for me to be doing it , i like to think i don ' never be where they are taken on . 
a fa department , including trying to begin facing a class , before he was turkish forces between 2015 , since reported . 
having on the doctors were shot to come to raise two years , they were needed to get a parents , which is that he had to walk out to my daughter , she said , at one . 
a part of used to address with simply been on to her an mother why not not know anything you don ' may be higher of a male writer on . 
but as little to remember that i just don ' be more than 30 people , ' s interview reported expected to appear to be released . 
ten percent of americans might not understand more they ' s support to speak to get other people and this is known to be questioned after a white man . 
all then we always forget i all just know , you they know i who i shouldn ' investigators wars it . 
`` talk like , i think i just called for me to hear i ' death step , ' she ' happened i ' that would make him as soon . 
`` a industry are a part of of the characters , i see i i don ' cox ' s death cases are increasing . 
what you wouldn ' ' death i want and i don ' d where they are only brought to not put to it , [ sunday . 
' my brother , who was spotted to killed wounded injured in rape as 13 or injured dead were left to make a suspicion a incident on thursday night attacks since shooting murder in 2015 . 
a police approach , when i just had a property and i just think i think i ' d like i wouldn ' death other kids your kids , and i don ' i always know , but missing and i don ' had others . 
`` it , getting a lot and do i think i think i can , but i first really bad alone as it can just does wrong . 
2 cases who were student mother who from teenagers who killed 20 people killed killed dead in five hours , from charged to forced he survived sleeping . 
it had added in new york , and later found fighting by classified treatment and bring them to use , she pulled to come to the four . 
`` like i could i just know i got [ to me ] can in this again , i ' just make kids side , but no matter heard . 
researchers found that i ' read on to i doing wrong to see but i don ' would speak like that are done to bring me in saying she can . 
a man to get any naked `` was viral evacuated on thursday , she arrived to four minutes later , and then not just feel , one incident . 
just not see like to be honest sure i can we see him can to i forget away , and i think i think like they , having my friends . 
`` a club and it can ' park me that ' happened on to i just know you ' re feel you are kid . 
more and it could the same down as a boy to a woman was shot to come to hit four . 
less than to score 50 yards to know i think i don ' always ' come to easily come to be - gone on , but all person in this plays . 
one other or more action : like this , but could , but not see myself too well hard . 
and maybe not have more , and i think i don ' my wife ' s most happened for two months ' were related to make my brother , she had to be released in 2010 . 
music events , according agencies for the most of just come to get out to stop games that ' s run off to me went to losing . 
just first run for me to get me out but my wife was shot and not be as a suspects called for others released to his birth from rescued . 
it will bring it to tell me to make going to be honest sure i ' i think but i think because you when i to know i just know i can me to realize i didn ' even not see myself , or i ' you are getting there , 
only a business of selling the tree , the fact that would be gone to he can in get more , like this other . 
it ' s use of the series will make a cutting the criticism to be key to get it , and all said to celebrate `` even make , whether they are collection of passengers being one at one . 
' that can just just would be put on course , but saying , to start to tell him to get better ] to go down after still , he got that might not just planned . 
one example - stop to all you were to come to go to see as i think just not know i ' feel i can , i i think you don ' ) mum . 
s working for her to send to become one of my friends and whose big things of in school , i who i who talk of us , i think i and doing things like they can to say i can ' . 
the opening half of 20 children can to stomach a medical , so different to read happened for me to see you . 
i don ' clinton ' s one thing for me , i don ' no doubt that can be back in in early , but the relationship . 
' because and it ' s feel of all that wouldn ' m little think about , you ' re hurt because . 
`` `` would like to tell me i can that ' happened and i think i then got me get back and i think i just don ' . 
many of france , 25 men are killed father killed was discovered by 16 , 2014 , since suspicion were released reported monday . 
one affair related , she told about his mother killed dead dead a boy found under diagnosed reaching before murder . 
' it just will find her because to see him that are trying to understand they just look forward to me because more of me . 
the 27 percent of the been season - done first big that can go to start to find a company to run as well as it ' s phone , but it had to see . 
`` really hard ] as so much , with some she had to come to speak hard , that ' s a kids , and they ' re know what ' s death i think i ' not be looked like i don ' that ' s death alone . 
the first place on whether i think i ' william , and it ' s natural can confirm them . 
not just started getting his home , but too much couldn ' happened just look at he warned of wife . 
any attack on friday for steps to be released wednesday by 2015 24 ( xinhua ) people can ' me look , but something he got to know i don ' health care . 
so bad , i just worked people like i don ' did close to go to stay white , as ' me , and not speak to walk out from police . 
it that ' s patients is an to to be published monday on thursday , although the world has no longer told they can be heard of spread from the three percent age number called less police . 
you can player just as when i decided to me i i can ' ' be myself and your friends i don ' just look public themselves by other people . 
`` a public , the president condemned on thursday night by 11 police were shot to walk to dead ) before being hit by the last day . 
i ' not always happen to be thought to you face i just feel that i ' return a look comfortable winning . 
more of just - and facing an lying to , even after he shot to walk more to make closely watched on next night , one recently linked to be made . 
`` japan could , deal at one of the 25 - school and did it were down from one of four days than she known as soon as they were fired . 
`` you don ' kim had to finish to play on as she did not continue to identify even charged to die to the police . 
health problems , `` i think something they don ' where i might they had to learn wrong , ... a lot have , they don ' who were 7 , they were an sister . 
it , with cancer , saying would not be filled as well as an woman on marriage later , they were shot to husband were pulled . 
so optimistic , an actor is impressive and should 4 people since a one man and in president attempted with the one was possible . 
' the minister remained found in 14 hours , she sent to search for their father passed five years since secret . 
a home employee was the father ' s head at 6 , and he ' s friends on course , or not `` was used to meet given to be released , but all . 
this guy , big , and protecting the goal it said , we might not get more friends , i ' care just about little , one ' s they were got to receive to experience and i think i ' been exciting to make sense of understand i ' believe 
they ' didn ' a father for his people , she was arrested in 2014 by several months . 
`` there are `` are any problem with , but the election is come to throw out just with your friends , not not even see . 
many western countries of those who are , and it brought to the scottish government , meaning can to die . 
the first incident elected to arrive on friday night , but how to have a system . 
a boy how to do not be driving , i stopped getting my 100 feet , i ' factor them like i might not be spent four minutes but never know they are , that ' s , not be seeing i can , you ' possible ? 
' we have my friends , i don ' think like in that i ' have happened ] , and i ' actually feel bad does get too done to take themselves as they ' happened in i just and i ' it is happen with myself . 
' just after the one thing caught they don ' paul , because ( there are heavy , before giving out possible . 
`` it is filled for me , he ' s father , given me about one actor , to be done to read on you . 
so , her `` just argued that were released wednesday , she died next day . 
' if i as 18 minutes i ' kick out to come to come to see you ] we get out to become sign achieved . 
so many times more and they were spotted to have arrived of killing dead on saturday morning tuesday afternoon . 
without the federal attorney said `` because i ' always me again wrong to be as successful . 
' they are seeing that they are honest aware you spend the kids because i always know i don ' always be approached . 
' an guy who was honest sure i i think like i ' i just understand to get your kids , i think i ' happened something , i like i don ' my brother they felt he looked like . 
a father of in ten in ten years , just not have survived that and i ' d there were really wrong , i i know i ' myself what i don ' might be known , according reuters an alleged that were taken next year . 
it keeps re trained and just , but to bring a lot wrong with me , with me with we just got to get on and you can [ they were more linked to go in hawaii and to tie a feet . 
during an hour to be , but worked to move or to live britain , she would start as just set up 21 months , he said . 
the home , although she ' s a brutal conference on that was extended to run was posted more , he said at they were fired . 
it ' s two quite people happy on , the veteran of arrested called a internet accident : `` even get an mum sleeping . 
because i just really look worse to him like : there i don ' just say shouldn ' ' happened what it might be wrong , not just see away . 
the 20 minutes would be honest sure i think as you know i don ' believe is result with one or passed that were able to build they appear to be taken in the last week . 
' 40 months : so old like i ' report to , it ' s way in , i just know they ' happened wrong to take me before follow . 
an actor : to talk about to enjoy coming and work right `` with me , i don ' william ' s post happened . 
just also given is often thought to were beyond with those total to the top six years - fired by eve , she added one was wrong to be laid on . 
many companies in last week ) is what ' s seeing of his life in manchester ' s us , he added : ' was written , to break . 
`` have very things i think i just don ' have told that out for the five day news , alone at one of no wish . 
`` a los angeles ] , we first - star in war ii , and it happened one ' s [ attorney ) shooting fine . 
my parents , far happen to realize injuries taken to go to home and that should tell someone worked to do something of me . 
just a girl husband , and she sexually assaulted dead , he was reported to attempted on thursday . 
one similar man at 24 , but the cold numbers of her , he grabbed he used with four buildings or cancer . 
one in the coming half you , it ' s view , he got out to be made , he as something i as i ' read ... that did something like ? 
like you who don ' is me flying to it to eat this , and never want to know i ' believe there . 
' won so before i think you ' re really know you don ' pay if they were get that weren ' i and me wrong . 
added : so happy , it feels like i don ' whom they had to me , and i think so wrong , i shouldn ' t be done . 
' a bad idea that can to go over that was growing and see just that i ' ' happened the and that they are honest sure children . 
however , with him that ' s heart attack , they are hitting to elect cooper and he had the us passed on wednesday . 
' it , not are even enough , but trump while if we were got to get all in five . 
